Instructions for OCC Reporting Form PS-02, PPSI and FPSI Quarterly Reports of Condition and Income

What’s Inside General Instructions 2 Cover 5 Schedule A: Income Statement 7 Schedule B: Balance Sheet 17 Schedule C: Off-Balance-Sheet Items 22 Schedule D: Capital and Operational Backstop 30 Schedule E: Memorandum 32

Quarterly Reporting Instructions | Payment Stablecoin Activity & Reserve Reporting

General Instructions OCC Reporting Form PS-02 collects standardized information on income, balance sheet assets and liabilities, off-balance-sheet activities, and capital for OCC-supervised permitted payment stablecoin issuers (PPSI) and foreign payment stablecoin issuers (FPSI). The reporting form comprises five individual schedules that are required to be submitted on a quarterly basis.

Who Must Report Every OCC-supervised PPSI and FPSI (collectively referred to as reporting entities) is required to prepare Form PS-02 and submit it quarterly.

Where to Submit the Reports Reporting entities must submit completed reports electronically through OCC BankNet. For BankNet assistance, contact the OCC at BankNet@occ.treas.gov.

When to Submit the Reports Reporting entities must submit Form PS-02 and all required schedules quarterly, no more than 30 calendar days after the report date. If the reporting deadline falls on a weekend or federal holiday, the form may be submitted on the first business day following the weekend or federal holiday.

How to Prepare the Reports Applicability of GAAP Reporting entities are required to prepare the Form PS-02 schedules in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and these instructions. The financial records of reporting entities should be maintained in such a manner and scope to ensure that Form PS-02 is prepared in accordance with these instructions. Report Date The report date for Form PS-02 is as of 11:59:59 PM ET on the last calendar day of each calendar quarter. The reporting period includes all activity that occurred after 11:59:59 PM ET on the last calendar day of the previous calendar quarter until the report date.

Page 2 of 48

Quarterly Reporting Instructions | Payment Stablecoin Activity & Reserve Reporting

Rounding Unless otherwise stated, all dollar amounts must be reported in thousands, with the figures rounded to the nearest thousand. Items less than $500 will be reported as zero. Foreign Currency Denominated Assets Foreign currency-denominated assets should be converted into U.S. dollar equivalents as of the report date. Technical Details The following instructions apply generally to the Form PS-02 schedules, unless otherwise specified. Ensure that any internal consistency checks are complete before submission. Dates should be entered in an YYYY/MM/DD format (unless otherwise indicated). Report negative numbers with a minus (-) sign. An amount, zero, or null should be entered for all items, except in those cases where other options such as “not available” or “other” are specified. If information is not available or not applicable and no such options are offered, the field should be left blank. Other Instructional Guidance Release of Individual Reporting Entity Forms All schedules of Form PS-02 submitted by each reporting entity, including the optional narrative statement at the end, are available to the public from the OCC. All publicly available data for each reporting entity is posted on OCC.gov as soon as the data have been submitted, placed in an accepted status, and prepared for publication. A reporting entity may request confidential treatment for some or all of the portions of Form PS-02 that will be made publicly available if the entity believes that disclosure of specific commercial or financial information in the form would likely cause substantial harm to its competitive position. In certain limited circumstances, the OCC may approve confidential treatment of some or all of the items for which such treatment has been requested if the entity has clearly provided a compelling justification for the request. A request for confidential treatment must be submitted in writing before submission of the form. The written request must identify the specific items for which confidential treatment is requested, provide justification for the confidential treatment requested for the identified items, and demonstrate the specific nature of the harm that would result from public release of the information. Merely stating that competitive harm would result is not sufficient. Page 3 of 48

Quarterly Reporting Instructions | Payment Stablecoin Activity & Reserve Reporting

Regulatory Citations All regulatory citations in this form reference the OCC regulations implementing the Guiding and Establishing National Innovation for U.S. Stablecoins Act (12 USC 5901 et seq.) (GENIUS Act) contained in 12 CFR 15. Refer to the definitions outlined in § 15.2 of the regulations for relevant terms referenced in this form. Interpretations Questions and requests for interpretations of matters appearing in any part of these instructions should be addressed by the reporting entity’s supervisory team. Regardless of whether a reporting entity requests an interpretation of a matter appearing in these instructions, when the OCC’s interpretation of the instructions differs from the reporting entity’s interpretation, the OCC may require the reporting entity to prepare this form in accordance with the agency’s interpretation and to amend previously submitted reports. Amended Reports The OCC will require the filing of an amended Form PS-02 if a previous submission contains significant errors or omissions. Additionally, a reporting entity must file an amended form when it or the OCC discovers significant errors or omissions subsequent to submission of a report. Amended filings must be made within five calendar days of discovery by the reporting entity or notice by the OCC to the reporting entity, unless additional time is granted at the sole discretion of the OCC. If resubmission is required, the reporting entity should contact its supervisory team. Failure to File Failure to file amended reports on a timely basis may subject the reporting entity to supervisory action. If a reporting entity is unable to file all or any portion of the Form PS02 in a timely manner, it must submit a written notice of late filing to the OCC. The notice must (a) disclose the reporting entity’s inability to timely file all, or specified portions, of Form PS-02 and the reasons therefore in reasonable detail; (b) include the date by which Form PS-02 will be filed; and (c) be filed on or before the deadline for filing Form PS-02.

Page 4 of 48

Quarterly Reporting Instructions | Payment Stablecoin Activity & Reserve Reporting

Cover General Instructions Complete the required data fields.

Item Instructions Caption and Instructions OCC Assigned Registration ID. Report the OCC assigned registration number of reporting entity. Reporting Entity Name. Report the legal name of the reporting entity as registered or licensed under applicable law. Reporting Entity Legal Entity Identifier (LEI). Report the reporting entity’s LEI. The LEI is a 20-digit alpha-numeric code that uniquely identifies entities that engage in financial transactions. A reporting entity must provide its LEI on the cover page of this form only if it already has an LEI. The LEI must be a currently issued, maintained, and valid LEI, not an LEI that has lapsed. If a reporting entity does not have an LEI, it is not required to obtain one for purposes of reporting it on this form. Reporting Period. Enter the calendar dates (YYYY-MM-DD) of the reporting period (e.g., 202X-01-01 to 202X-03-31.) Signatures. Either the cover (signature) page of any agency-supplied sample set of report forms, a photocopy of this cover page, or a copy of the cover page printed from the reporting entity’s report preparation software should be used to fulfill the signature and attestation requirement. Electronic signatures may be used instead of physical (ink) signatures, provided the reporting entity’s electronic signature process satisfies the following principles: Form of signature: May be an image of the signer’s physical signature or application of an electronic signature on the Form PS-02 signature page. The electronic signature can be applied through various means, including clicking a box or entering a Personal Identification Number (PIN). Intent to sign: The reporting entity’s appropriate officer or director must intend to sign Form PS-02 as the attestation that it is prepared in accordance with the instructions and is true and correct, as stated on the signature page of Form PS-02. This intent and capacity must be included as part of the electronic signature process by using an electronic version of the relevant attestation text on the Form PS-02 signature page.

Page 5 of 48

Quarterly Reporting Instructions | Payment Stablecoin Activity & Reserve Reporting

Association of signature: The electronic signature process must associate the signature with a full version of the reporting entity’s Form PS-02. This association can be made by using a process that appends the signature data to the record signed, or which establishes a database-type link between the signature data and the record signed. The reporting entity must include the date of signing as part of the signature process to validate that the electronic signature occurred prior to Form PS02 submission. Identification and authentication of signer: The reporting entity must use a reliable information technology system identification and authentication method or process that associates access to and execution of the electronic signature transaction with the identity of the signer, such as requiring the reporting entity’s officer or director to log into the reporting entity’s systems to verify identity. Integrity of the signed record: A reporting entity must have sufficient data security and data integrity practices to ensure that Form PS-02 with electronic signature is safely stored, readily retrievable, and cannot be lost or altered. Form PS-02 with electronic signature must be retained for the same timeframe as if it were a paper Form PS-02. Chief Financial Officer Declaration. The chief financial officer, or the individual performing an equivalent function, of the reporting entity shall sign a declaration on the cover (signature) page that the form is true and correct to the best of their knowledge and belief. Director and Senior Management Attestation. The correctness of the form shall be attested to by all Directors and Senior Management of the reporting entity, other than the officer, or individual performing an equivalent function, making such declaration, with the attestations stating that the form has been examined by them and to the best of their knowledge and belief is true and correct.

Page 6 of 48

Quarterly Reporting Instructions | Payment Stablecoin Activity & Reserve Reporting

Schedule A: Income Statement Report in accordance with these instructions all income and expenses of the reporting entity for the calendar year-to-date. Select the most appropriate line item to report income and expenses. Do not report the same income and expense on multiple line items. Include adjustments of accruals and other accounting estimates made shortly after the end of a reporting period that relate to the income and expense of the reporting period. A reporting entity that transitioned to federal oversight should report year-to-date income and expenses, regardless of the effective date of the transition. A reporting entity that began operating during the year-to-date reporting period should report in the appropriate items of Schedule A: Income Statement all income earned and expenses incurred since commencing operations.

Item Instructions Item no.

Instructions

1.

Reserve asset income. Report total income from all assets reported as reserve assets maintaining outstanding payment stablecoins, as defined below.

1.a

Interest and dividend income on reserve assets. Report all interest and dividend income earned from reserve asset categories listed in lines 1.a.(1) through 1.a.(7). Include accretion of discount and deduct amortization of premium on debt securities. Include interest on reserve asset debt securities even if such securities have been lent, sold under agreements to repurchase that are treated as borrowings, or pledged as collateral for any purpose. Include interest received from the sale of debt securities to the extent that such interest had not already been accrued on the reporting entity's books. (1) United States coins and currency. Report all interest income earned on assets reportable on Schedule B: Balance Sheet, item 1.a. (2) Money standing to the credit of an account with a Federal Reserve Bank. Report all interest income earned on assets reportable on Schedule B: Balance Sheet, item 1.b. (3) Deposits. Report interest income on all deposits reportable on Schedule B: Balance Sheet, item 1.c. (4) Treasury bills, Treasury notes, or Treasury bonds. Report all interest income earned on assets reportable on Schedule B: Balance Sheet, item 1.d.

Page 7 of 48

Quarterly Reporting Instructions | Payment Stablecoin Activity & Reserve Reporting

(5) Reverse repurchase agreements. Report all interest income earned on assets reportable on Schedule B: Balance Sheet, item 1.e. (6) Securities issued by an investment company that are invested solely in permissible reserve assets. Report all interest income earned on assets reportable on Schedule B: Balance Sheet, item 1.f. (7) Other. Report all interest and dividend income earned on assets reportable on Schedule B: Balance Sheet, item 1.g. (8) Total interest and dividend income on reserve assets: Report the sum of line items 1.a.(1)–1.a.(7) 1.b

Realized gains and losses on sale of reserve assets. Report the gross gains (line item 1.b.(1)) and gross losses (line item 1.b.(2)) realized during the calendar year to date from the sale, exchange, redemption or retirement of reserve assets. When the asset is sold, the difference between the sale price and the carrying amount of the asset is the gain or loss on the sale of the asset. (1) Realized gain on sale of reserve assets. (2) Realized loss on sale of reserve assets. Report this amount with a minus (-) sign.

1.c

Other reserve asset income. Report any other income earned from reserve assets that is not reported in 1.a. or 1.b. Disclose each component of other reserve asset income, and the dollar amount of such component, that is greater than $100,000 and exceeds 7 percent of the income reported in this item under Schedule E: Memorandum, items 2a. through 2.j.

1.d

Total reserve asset income. Report the sum of line items 1.a.–1.c.

2.

Reserve asset expenses. List the total expenses directly associated with reserve assets. Exclude general marketing or operational expenses, such as rent, salaries, utilities, and direct and indirect marketing costs for brand awareness, customer acquisition, and marketing tools that are not directly tied to income earned on reserve assets.

2.a

Interest expense on reserve asset securities sold under agreements to repurchase. Report interest expense incurred on securities sold under agreements to repurchase on liabilities reportable on Schedule B: Balance Sheet, item 11.

Page 8 of 48

Quarterly Reporting Instructions | Payment Stablecoin Activity & Reserve Reporting

2.b

Reserve asset income paid to third parties through branded payment stablecoin arrangements. Report the portion of reserve asset income paid to third parties where the reporting entity manages and issues a branded payment stablecoin for a third party, commonly referred to as “white-label stablecoins” or “stablecoins-as-a-service.” Only report the expenses that are contractually calculated as a portion of the income earned on reserve assets maintaining the branded payment stablecoins. An example is a contractual arrangement that requires 95 percent of income earned on reserve assets maintaining the branded payment stablecoin be paid to the third party as a marketing or distribution fee. Report any other expenses in the appropriate line item under Schedule A: Income Statement, items 5.a through 5.g.

2.c

Reserve asset income paid to third parties without a branded payment stablecoin arrangement. Report the portion of reserve asset income that is paid to third parties that is directly related to the issuance, redemption, holding, transacting, or marketing of the reporting entity’s payment stablecoins. Only report the fees and costs that are contractually calculated as a portion of the income earned on reserve assets backing payment stablecoins. An example is a contractual arrangement that pays a fixed or variable portion of reserve asset income to a third party as a marketing or distribution fee based on the amount of the reporting entity’s payment stablecoins the third party has issued to their holders, the number of transactions in the reporting entity’s payment stablecoins transacted through the third party, or the amount of the reporting entity’s payment stablecoins held in customer accounts managed by the third party. Exclude any expenses reported in Schedule A: Income Statement, item 2.b.

2.d

Other reserve asset expenses. Report any other expenses related to the transacting, holding, or management of reserve assets that are not otherwise reported in 2.a through 2.c. Examples include custody fees, fees associated with reserve asset transactions, or investment management fees paid to a third party. Disclose each component of other reserve asset expenses, and the dollar amount of such component, that is greater than $100,000 and exceeds 7 percent of the expenses reported in this item under Schedule E: Memorandum, item 3.a. through 3.j.

2.e

Total reserve asset expenses. Report the sum of Schedule A: Income Statement, items 2.a–2.d.

3.

Net reserve asset income. Report Schedule A: Income Statement item 1.d less 2.e. If the amount is negative, report it with a minus (-) sign.

Page 9 of 48

Quarterly Reporting Instructions | Payment Stablecoin Activity & Reserve Reporting

4.

Other income. Report other income not reported in Schedule A: Income Statement, item 1. Include any income earned that is not generated by the reporting entity’s stock of reserve assets.

4.a

Fee income. Report any income generated from fees for the following activities: Fees associated with purchasing or redeeming payment stablecoins in accordance with 12 CFR 15.10(a)(5). Fees associated with acting as principal or agent with respect to any payment stablecoin in accordance with 12 CFR15.10(a)(6). Fees associated with facilitating customer transactions in accordance with 12 CFR 15.10(a)(7).

4.b

Reserve management income. Report any income generated from managing reserves related to the issuance or redemption of payment stablecoins, including purchasing, selling, and holding reserve assets or providing custodial services for reserve assets in accordance with 15.10(a)(3).

4.c

Custodial and safekeeping income. Report income related to custodial or safekeeping services for covered assets as defined in 12 CFR 15.20.

4.d

Realized gains and losses on securities. Report the net gain or loss realized during the calendar year to date from the sale, exchange, redemption, or retirement of held-to-maturity (HTM), available-for-sale (AFS), and trading securities not held as reserve assets. The realized gain or loss on a security is the difference between the sale price (excluding interest at the coupon rate accrued since the last interest payment date, if any) and its carrying amount. Include in this item any write-off recorded when the fair value of an AFS debt security is less than its amortized cost basis and (a) the reporting entity intends to sell the security or (b) it is more likely than not that the reporting entity will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis. If the amount to be reported in this item is a net loss, report it with a minus (-) sign.

4.e

Net gains and losses on sales or disposal of digital assets. Report the amount of net gains or losses on sales or disposal of digital assets reported on Schedule B: Balance sheet, items 6.a. and 6.b.

Page 10 of 48

Quarterly Reporting Instructions | Payment Stablecoin Activity & Reserve Reporting

4.f

Other income. Report other income not reported in Schedule A: Income Statement, items 4.a-4.e. Disclose each component of other income, and the dollar amount of such component, that is greater than $100,000 and exceeds 7 percent of the income reported in this item under Schedule E: Memorandum, items 4.a. through 4.j.

4.g

Total other income. Report the sum of Schedule A: Income Statement, items 4.a through 4.f.

5.

Other expenses. Report other expenses below not reported in Schedule A: Income Statement, item 2. This should include expenses of the reporting entity not already reported as expenses associated with the reporting entity’s stock of reserve assets.

5.a

Transaction fee expenses. Report expenses related to paying fees to facilitate customer transactions in accordance with 12 CFR 15.10(a)(7), such as network or “gas” fees on certain blockchains.

5.b

Interest on federal funds purchased, securities sold under agreements to repurchase, and other borrowed money. Report the interest expense from all liabilities reportable on Schedule B: Balance Sheet, item 13. Include interest expense incurred on borrowed money reported at fair value under a fair value option. Include amortization of debt issuance costs associated with borrowed money unless the borrowed money is reported at fair value under a fair value option, in which case issuance costs should be expensed as incurred.

5.c

Salaries and employee benefits. Report salaries and benefits of all officers and employees of the reporting entity including guards and contracted guards, temporary office help, dining room and cafeteria employees, and building department officers and employees (including maintenance personnel). Include as employees individuals who, in form, are employed by an affiliate but who, in substance, do substantially all of their work for the reporting entity. However, reporting entities should not segregate the compensation component of other intercompany cost allocations arising from arrangements other than that described in the preceding sentence for purposes of this item. Include the following as salaries and employee benefits: (1) Gross salaries, wages, overtime, bonuses, incentive compensation, and extra compensation. (2) Social security taxes, state and federal unemployment taxes, and other payroll taxes paid by the reporting entity.

Page 11 of 48

Quarterly Reporting Instructions | Payment Stablecoin Activity & Reserve Reporting

(3) Costs of the reporting entity’s retirement plan, pension fund, profitsharing plan, employee stock ownership plan, employee stock purchase plan, and employee savings plan. For defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement plans, report only the service cost component of net benefit cost for such plans in this item; the other cost components of net benefit cost should be reported in Schedule A: Income Statement, item 5.f, “Other expenses.” (4) Premiums (net of dividends received) on health and accident, hospitalization, dental, disability, and life insurance policies for which the reporting entity is not the beneficiary. (5) Cost of temporary office employees whether hired directly by the reporting entity or through an outside agency. (6) Worker’s compensation insurance premiums. (7) The net cost to the reporting entity for employee dining rooms, restaurants, and cafeterias. (8) Accrued vacation pay earned by employees during the calendar year-to-date. (9) The cost of medical or health services, relocation programs and reimbursements of moving expenses, tuition reimbursement programs, and other so-called fringe benefits for officers and employees. (10) Compensation expense (service component and interest component) related to deferred compensation agreements. Exclude the following as salaries and employee benefits (report in Schedule A: Income Statement, item 5.f, “Other expenses”): (1) Amounts paid to attorneys, accountants, management consultants, investment counselors, and other professionals who are not salaried officers or employees of the reporting entity (except if these professionals, in form, are employed by an affiliate of the reporting entity but, in substance, do substantially all of their work for the reporting entity). (2) Expenses related to the testing and training of officers and employees. (3) The cost of newspapers and magazines prepared for distribution to reporting entity officers and employees.

Page 12 of 48

Quarterly Reporting Instructions | Payment Stablecoin Activity & Reserve Reporting

(4) Expenses of life insurance policies for which the reporting entity is the beneficiary. However, when these expenses are related to reporting entity-owned life insurance policies with cash surrender values, reporting entities may report the net earnings on or the net increases in the value of these cash surrender values in Schedule A: Income Statement, item 4.f, “Other income.” (5) The cost of athletic activities in which officers and employees participate when the purpose may be construed to be for marketing or public relations, and employee benefits are only incidental to the activities. (6) Dues, fees and other expenses associated with memberships in country clubs, social or private clubs, civic organizations, and similar clubs and organizations. 5.d

Expenses of premises and fixed assets. Report all noninterest expenses related to the use of premises, equipment, furniture, and fixtures reportable in Schedule B: Balance Sheet, item 7, “Premises and fixed assets,” net of rental income. If this net amount is a credit balance, report it with a minus (-) sign. Deduct rental income from gross premises and fixed asset expense. Rental income includes all rentals charged for the use of buildings not incident to their use by the reporting entity, including rentals by regular tenants of the reporting entity’s buildings, income received from short-term rentals of other reporting entity facilities, and income from subleases. Also deduct income from stocks and bonds issued by non-majority-owned corporations and investments in limited partnerships or limited liability companies whose principal activity is the ownership of premises, equipment, furniture, or fixtures occupied or used (or to be occupied or used) by the reporting entity and are reportable in Schedule B: Balance Sheet, item 7, “Premises and fixed assets.” Include as expenses of premises and fixed assets: (1) Normal and recurring depreciation and amortization charges against, and any impairments on, assets reportable in Schedule B: Balance Sheet, item 7, “Premises and fixed assets.” Include depreciation and amortization charges regardless of whether they represent direct reductions in the carrying value of the assets or additions to accumulated depreciation or amortization accounts. Any method of depreciation or amortization conforming to U.S. accounting principles that are generally acceptable for financial reporting purposes may be used. However, depreciation for premises and fixed assets may be based on a method used for federal income tax purposes if the Page 13 of 48

Quarterly Reporting Instructions | Payment Stablecoin Activity & Reserve Reporting

results would not be materially different from depreciation based on the asset's estimated useful life. (2) For operating leases, a single lease cost for the expenses related to lease liabilities and the amortization of right-of-use (ROU) assets for leased premises, equipment, furniture, and fixtures; variable lease payments not included in lease liabilities; and any impairments of ROU assets. (3) Cost of ordinary repairs to premises (including leasehold improvements), equipment, furniture, and fixtures. (4) Cost of service or maintenance contracts for equipment, furniture, and fixtures. (5) Cost of leasehold improvements, equipment, furniture, and fixtures charged directly to expense and not placed on the reporting entity's books as assets. (6) Insurance expense related to the use of premises, equipment, furniture, and fixtures including such coverages as fire, multi-peril, boiler, plate glass, flood, and public liability. (7) All property tax and other tax expenses related to premises (including leasehold improvements), equipment, furniture, and fixtures, including deficiency payments, net of all rebates, refunds, or credits. (8) Any portion of a lessee reporting entity’s payments to lessors representing executory costs such as insurance, maintenance, and taxes. (9) Cost of heat, electricity, water, and other utilities connected with the use of premises and fixed assets. (10) Cost of janitorial supplies and outside janitorial services. (11) Fuel, maintenance, and other expenses related to the use of the reporting entity-owned automobiles, airplanes, and other vehicles for the reporting entity business. Exclude from expenses of premises and fixed assets: (1) Salaries and employee benefits (report such expenses for all officers and employees of the reporting entity in Schedule A: Income Statement, item 5.c, “Salaries and Employee Benefits”).

Page 14 of 48

Quarterly Reporting Instructions | Payment Stablecoin Activity & Reserve Reporting

(2) Interest on mortgages, liens, or other encumbrances on premises or equipment owned, including the portion of lease payments representing interest expense on lease liabilities for finance leases (report in Schedule A: Income Statement, item 5.b, “Interest on federal funds purchased, securities sold under agreements to repurchase, and other borrowed money”). 5.e

Goodwill impairment losses and amortization expense. Report any impairment losses recognized during the period on goodwill. A reporting entity that meets the definition of a private company under U.S. GAAP and has elected the accounting alternative for the amortization of goodwill in Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Subtopic 350-20, IntangiblesGoodwill and Other – Goodwill (formerly Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Statement No. 142, “Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets”), as amended by Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-02, “Accounting for Goodwill,” should report the amortization expense of goodwill in this item. A private company that elects the accounting alternative for the subsequent measurement of goodwill should amortize each amortizable unit of goodwill on a straight-line basis over 10 years (or less than 10 years if the private company demonstrates that another useful life is more appropriate). Include the amortization expense of any impairment losses on intangible assets. Under ASC Topic 350, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other (formerly FASB Statement No. 142, “Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets”), intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives should not be amortized, but must be tested at least annually for impairment. Intangible assets that have finite useful lives must be amortized over their useful lives and must be reviewed for impairment in accordance with ASC Topic 360, Property, Plant, and Equipment (formerly FASB Statement No. 144, “Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets”).

5.f

Other expenses. Report all operating expenses of the reporting entity for the period that are not required to be reported elsewhere on Schedule A: Income Statement. Disclose each component of other expenses, and the dollar amount of such component, that is greater than $100,000 and exceeds 7 percent of the expense reported in this item under Schedule E: Memorandum, items 5.a through 5.j.

5.g

Total other expenses. Report the sum of Schedule A: Income Statement, items 5.a through 5.f.

Page 15 of 48

Quarterly Reporting Instructions | Payment Stablecoin Activity & Reserve Reporting

6.

Income (loss) before applicable income taxes. Report the reporting entity’s pretax income from operations as a sum of Schedule A: Income Statement, items 3 and 4.g less item 5.g. If the amount is negative, report it with a minus (-) sign.

7.

Applicable income taxes. Report the total estimated federal, state and local, and foreign income tax expense applicable to Schedule A: Income Statement, item 6, “Income/(loss) before applicable income taxes.” Include both the current and deferred portions of these income taxes. If the amount is a tax benefit rather than tax expense, report it with a minus (-) sign. Include as applicable income taxes all taxes based on a net amount of taxable revenues less deductible expenses.

8.

Net income (loss) attributable to reporting entity. Report Schedule A: Income Statement, item 6 less item 7. If this amount is a net loss, report it with a minus (-) sign.

Page 16 of 48

Quarterly Reporting Instructions | Payment Stablecoin Activity & Reserve Reporting

Schedule B: Balance Sheet Item Instructions Item no.

Instructions

Assets Reserve Assets 1.

Reserve assets. Total amount of reserve assets held to maintain outstanding payment stablecoins. This includes all reserve assets held in segregated accounts, for the benefit of payment stablecoin holders. Unless otherwise noted, report balances using an asset’s carrying value as defined in U.S. GAAP. 1

1.a

United States coins and currency. Report the total amount of U.S. coins or currency.

1.b

Money standing to the credit of an account with a Federal Reserve Bank. Report the total amount of money standing to the credit of an account with a Federal Reserve Bank

1.c

Deposits. Report the total amount of funds held as demand deposits or insured shares held at institutions insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or the National Credit Union Administration.

1.d

Treasury bills, Treasury notes, or Treasury bonds. Report the total amount of short-term treasuries (≤93 days maturity).

1.e

Reverse repurchase agreements. Report the total amount of overnight reverse repurchase agreements that are collateralized by Treasury bills, Treasury notes, or Treasury bonds on a no longer-than-overnight basis, subject to overcollateralization in line with standard market terms.

1.f

Securities issued by an investment company that are invested solely in permissible reserve assets. Report the total amount held in registered government money market funds that invest solely in permissible assets under 12 CFR 15.11(b).

1.g

Other. Include any other assets held in the reporting entity’s reserve assets in support of payment stablecoin issuances held under 12 CFR 15.11(b)(7).

1 Compliance with the reserve asset requirements under 12 CFR 15.11 is determined based on the

reserve assets’ fair value as defined in U.S. GAAP, not the reserve assets’ carrying value. Page 17 of 48

Quarterly Reporting Instructions | Payment Stablecoin Activity & Reserve Reporting

Assets other than reserve assets 2.

Cash and balances due from depository institutions.

2.a

Cash segregated for PPSI’s own stablecoin. Report the total of all cash segregated for the reporting entity’s own stablecoin held in corporate treasury, including interest-bearing and non-interest-bearing balances due from depository institutions, currency and coin, cash items in process of collection, and unposted debits.

2.b

All other cash and balances due from depository institutions. Report the total of all other interest-bearing and non-interest-bearing balances due from depository institutions, currency and coin, cash items in process of collection, and unposted debits held on the reporting entity’s balance sheet that are not maintained as reserve assets or reported in Schedule B: Balance Sheet, line item 2.a.

3.

Operational backstop. Report the total assets held separately from any reserve assets to meet the operational backstop requirements of 12 CFR 15.41(b). These assets should not be reported elsewhere on Schedule B: Balance Sheet.

4.

Non-reserve asset securities and federal funds sold. Report the total carrying amount of securities and federal funds sold. Securities include securities held for trading, HTM and AFS debt securities, and equity securities. HTM and AFS securities are reported net of any applicable allowances for credit losses. Federal funds sold include the total amount of federal funds sold, i.e., immediately available funds lent under agreements or contracts that have an original maturity of one business day or roll over under a continuing contract. Transactions that are to be reported as federal funds sold may be secured or unsecured or may involve an agreement to resell loans or other instruments that are not securities.

5.

Non-reserve asset securities purchased under agreements to resell. Report the outstanding amount of the following: (1) Securities resale agreements, regardless of maturity, if the agreement requires the reporting entity to resell the identical security purchased or a security that meets the definition of substantially the same in the case of a dollar roll. (2) Purchases of participations in pools of securities, regardless of maturity. Except as noted below, report securities purchased under agreements to resell on a gross basis, i.e., do not net them against Page 18 of 48

Quarterly Reporting Instructions | Payment Stablecoin Activity & Reserve Reporting

securities sold under agreements to repurchase, except to the extent permitted under ASC Subtopic 210-20, Balance Sheet – Offsetting. Include the fair value of securities purchased under agreements to resell that are accounted for at fair value under a fair value option. Report securities purchased under agreements to resell that are measured at amortized cost net of any applicable allowances for credit losses. 6.

Digital assets held to pay network or “gas” fees. Report the total amount of digital assets held with the intent to compensate validators or miners for processing and securing network operations.

7.

Premises and fixed assets. Report the book value, less accumulated depreciation or amortization and any impairment losses, of all premises, equipment, furniture, and fixtures. Any method of depreciation or amortization conforming to accounting principles that are generally acceptable for financial reporting purposes may be used. However, depreciation for premises and fixed assets may be based on a method used for federal income tax purposes if the results would not be materially different from depreciation based on the asset’s estimated useful life.

8.

Intangible assets. Report the carrying amount of intangible assets not reported elsewhere. Intangible assets include but are not limited to goodwill, trademarks, patents, and copyrights.

9.

Other assets. Report all other assets held by the reporting entity that cannot be properly reported elsewhere on this form. Disclose in Schedule E: Memorandum, items 6.a through 6.j, each component of other assets that is greater than $100,000 and exceeds 25 percent of the other assets reported in this item.

10.

Total assets. Report the sum of Schedule B: Balance Sheet, items 1 through 9.

Liabilities 11.

Reserve asset securities sold under agreements to repurchase. Report the aggregate amount of reserve asset securities sold under agreements to repurchase. This is related to Schedule B: Balance Sheet, item 1.e.

12.

Outstanding payment stablecoin issuance value. Report the aggregate outstanding issuance par value for the payment stablecoins that the reporting entity is obligated to convert, redeem, or repurchase for a fixed

Page 19 of 48

Quarterly Reporting Instructions | Payment Stablecoin Activity & Reserve Reporting

amount of monetary value (generally the issued payment stablecoins in circulation). 13.

Federal funds purchased, securities sold under agreements to repurchase and other borrowed money. Report amounts of federal funds purchased, securities sold under agreements to repurchase and borrowed by the reporting entity including but not limited to promissory notes, notes and bills rediscounted, overdrawn “due from” balances with depository institutions, mortgages, liens, or other encumbrances on the reporting entity’s premises, lease liabilities for finance leases, any other obligation for the purpose of borrowing money not reported elsewhere on Schedule B: Balance Sheet. Securities sold under agreements to repurchase should not include any items reported in Schedule B: Balance Sheet, item 11.

14.

Subordinated notes and debentures. Report the amount of subordinated notes and debentures (including mandatory convertible debt). Include the fair value of subordinated notes and debentures that are accounted for at fair value under a fair value option. Also include the amount of outstanding limited-life preferred stock including any amounts received in excess of its par or stated value.

15.

Other liabilities. Report all other liabilities held by the reporting entity that cannot be properly reported elsewhere on this form. Disclose in Schedule E: Memorandum, items 7.a through 7.j, each component of other assets that is greater than $100,000 and exceeds 25 percent of the other assets reported in this item.

16.

Total liabilities. Report the sum of Schedule B: Balance Sheet, items 11 through 15.

Equity Capital 17.

Perpetual preferred stock and related surplus. Report the amount of perpetual preferred stock issued, including any amounts received in excess of its par or stated value.

18.

Common stock. Report the aggregate par or stated value of common stock issued

19.

Related surplus. Report the net amount formally transferred to the surplus account, including capital contributions, adjustments arising from treasury stock transactions, and any amount received for common stock in excess of its par or stated value on or before the report date. Do not include any portion of the proceeds received from the sale of preferred stock in excess of its par or stated value. Page 20 of 48

Quarterly Reporting Instructions | Payment Stablecoin Activity & Reserve Reporting

20.

Retained earnings. Report the amount of retained earnings (undivided profits). The amount of the retained earnings should reflect transfers of net income, declarations of dividends, transfers to surplus, and any other appropriate entries.

21.

Accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI). Report the amount of AOCI as of the report date in accordance with U.S. GAAP and ASC Subtopic 220-10, Comprehensive Income – Overall, net of applicable income taxes, if any.

22.

Other equity capital components. Report all other equity capital components held by the reporting entity that cannot be properly reported elsewhere on Schedule B: Balance Sheet.

23.

Total equity capital. Report the sum of Schedule B: Balance Sheet, items 17 through 22.

24.

Total liabilities and equity capital. Report the sum of Schedule B: Balance Sheet, items 16 and 23. This item must equal Schedule B: Balance Sheet, item 10, “Total assets.”

Page 21 of 48

Quarterly Reporting Instructions | Payment Stablecoin Activity & Reserve Reporting

Schedule C: Off-Balance-Sheet Items Item Instructions Item no.

Instructions

1.

Off-balance-sheet assets (excluding derivatives). Report the total amount of off-balance-sheet assets required to be disclosed under U.S. GAAP. In items 1.a. through 1.e., itemize and describe any off-balancesheet asset that is more than $100,000 and greater than 25 percent of item 1.

2.

Off-balance-sheet liabilities (excluding derivatives). Report the total amount of off-balance-sheet liabilities required to be disclosed under U.S. GAAP. In items 2.a. through 2.e., itemize and describe any off-balancesheet liability that is more than $100,000 and greater than 25 percent of item 2.

3.

Derivatives. Report in the appropriate column and subitem the gross par value (stated in U.S. dollars) (e.g., for futures, forwards, and option contracts) or the notional amount (stated in U.S. dollars) (e.g., for forward rate agreements and swaps), as appropriate, of all contracts that meet the definition of a derivative and must be accounted for in accordance with ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging (formerly FASB Statement No. 133, “Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities,” as amended). Include both freestanding derivative contracts and embedded derivatives that must be accounted for separately from their host contract under ASC Topic 815. Report each contract according to its underlying risk exposure: (a) digital assets, (b) interest rate, (c) foreign exchange, or (d) equity, commodity, credit, and other contracts. Contracts with multiple risk characteristics should be classified based on the predominant risk characteristics at the origination of the derivative. Exclude notional amounts or par values for derivatives that have matured but have associated unsettled receivables or payables that are reported as assets or liabilities, respectively, on the balance sheet as of the quarter-end report date. All notional amounts or par values to be reported in Schedule C: OffBalance-Sheet Items, item 3, should be based on the notional amount definition in U.S. GAAP. The notional amount or par value to be reported for a derivative contract with a multiplier component is the contract’s effective notional amount or par value. For example, a swap contract with a stated notional amount of $1,000,000 whose terms called for quarterly settlement of the difference Page 22 of 48

Quarterly Reporting Instructions | Payment Stablecoin Activity & Reserve Reporting

between 5 percent and the secured overnight financing rate (SOFR) multiplied by 10 has an effective notional amount of $10,000,000. All transactions within the reporting entity should be reported on a net basis. No netting of contracts is permitted for purposes of this item. Therefore, do not net (1) obligations of the reporting entity to purchase from third parties against the reporting entity’s obligations to sell to third parties, (2) written options against purchased options, or (3) contracts subject to bilateral netting agreements. Column Instructions Column A, Digital asset contracts: Digital asset contracts are contracts related to any digital representation of value that is recorded on a cryptographically secured distributed ledger as defined in 12 CFR 15.2 of the GENIUS Act. Digital assets can include crypto-assets, virtual assets, and digital asset tokens. These contracts can be used to adjust the reporting entity’s exposure to digital asset prices. They may also include arrangements that result in obtaining the right to receive or obligation to deliver a fixed amount of digital assets in the future. Other arrangements involving digital assets that are required to be accounted for as a derivative contracts under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging, are also included in this item. Column B, Interest rate contracts: Interest rate contracts are contracts related to an interest-bearing financial instrument or whose cash flows are determined by referencing interest rates or another interest rate contract (e.g., an option on a futures contract to purchase a Treasury bill). These contracts are generally used to adjust the reporting entity’s interest rate exposure or, if the reporting entity is an intermediary, the interest rate exposure of others. Interest rate contracts include interest rate futures, single-currency interest rate swaps, basis swaps, forward rate agreements, and interest rate options, including caps, floors, collars, and corridors. Exclude contracts involving the exchange of one or more foreign currencies (e.g., cross-currency swaps and currency options), which are to be reported in column C as foreign exchange contracts. In addition, exclude contracts not involving the exchange of foreign currency whose predominant risk characteristic is foreign exchange risk, which are also to be reported in column C as foreign exchange contracts. Page 23 of 48

Quarterly Reporting Instructions | Payment Stablecoin Activity & Reserve Reporting

Unsettled securities transactions that exceed the regular way settlement time limit that is customary in each relevant market must be reported as forward contracts in Schedule C: Off-Balance-Sheet Items, item 3.b. Column C, Foreign exchange contracts: Foreign exchange contracts are contracts to purchase foreign (non-U.S.) currencies and U.S. dollar exchange in the forward market, i.e., on an organized exchange or in an over-the-counter market. A purchase of U.S. dollar exchange is equivalent to a sale of foreign currency. Foreign exchange contracts include cross-currency interest rate swaps where there is an exchange of principal, forward foreign exchange contracts (usually settling three or more business days from trade date), and currency futures and currency options Only one side of a foreign currency transaction is to be reported. In those transactions where foreign (non-U.S.) currencies are bought or sold against U.S. dollars, report only that side of the transaction that involves the foreign (non-U.S.) currency. For example, if the reporting entity enters into a futures contract that obligates the reporting entity to purchase U.S. dollar exchange against which it sells Japanese yen, then the reporting entity would report (in U.S. dollar equivalent values) the amount of Japanese yen sold in Schedule C: Off-Balance-Sheet Items, item 3.a. In cross-currency transactions, which involve the purchase and sale of two non-U.S. currencies, only the purchase side is to be reported. All amounts in column C are to be reported in U.S. dollar equivalent values. Column D, Equity, commodity, credit and other contracts: Report the total par value of other derivative contracts, including equity, commodity, credit, and other derivatives. Equity derivative contracts are contracts that have a return, or a portion of their return, linked to the price of a particular equity or to an index of equity prices, such as the Standard and Poor’s 500. The contract amount to be reported for equity derivative contracts is the quantity, e.g., number of units, of the equity instrument or equity index contracted for purchase or sale multiplied by the contract price of a unit. Credit derivative contracts are arrangements that allow one party (the “protection purchaser” or “beneficiary”) to transfer the credit risk of a “reference asset” or “reference entity” to another party (the “protection seller” or “guarantor”). Credit derivatives include credit default swaps, total return swaps, and credit options. For both the notional amounts Page 24 of 48

Quarterly Reporting Instructions | Payment Stablecoin Activity & Reserve Reporting

and gross fair values, report credit derivatives for which the reporting entity is the protection seller and purchaser in Column D. Commodity contracts are contracts that have a return, or a portion of their return, linked to the price of or to an index of precious metals, petroleum, lumber, agricultural products, etc. Exclude derivatives linked to digital assets, which are reported on Schedule C: OffBalance-Sheet Items, Column A. Commodity and other contracts also include any other contracts that are not reportable as interest rate, foreign exchange, or equity derivative contracts. The contract amount to be reported for commodity and other contracts is the quantity, e.g., number of units, of the commodity or product contracted for purchase or sale multiplied by the contract price of a unit. The notional amount to be reported for commodity contracts with multiple exchanges of principal is the contractual amount multiplied by the number of remaining payments (i.e., exchanges of principal) in the contract. 3.a

Futures contracts. Futures contracts represent agreements for delayed delivery of financial instruments or commodities in which the buyer agrees to purchase and the seller agrees to deliver, at a specified future date, a specified instrument at a specified price or yield. Futures contracts are standardized and are traded on organized exchanges that act as the counterparty to each contract. Report, in the appropriate column, the aggregate par value of futures contracts that have been entered into by the reporting entity and are outstanding (i.e., open contracts) as of the report date. Do not report the par value of financial instruments intended to be delivered under such contracts if this par value differs from the par value of the contracts themselves. Contracts are outstanding (i.e., open) until they have been cancelled by acquisition or delivery of the underlying financial instruments or by offset. Offset is the liquidating of a purchase of futures through the sale of an equal number of contracts of the same delivery month on the same underlying instrument on the same exchange, or the covering of a short sale of futures through the purchase of an equal number of contracts of the same delivery month on the same underlying instrument on the same exchange.

Page 25 of 48

Quarterly Reporting Instructions | Payment Stablecoin Activity & Reserve Reporting

3.b

Forward contracts. Forward contracts represent agreements for delayed delivery of financial instruments or commodities in which the buyer agrees to purchase and the seller agrees to deliver, at a specified future date, a specified instrument or commodity at a specified price or yield. Forward contracts are not traded on organized exchanges and their contractual terms are not standardized. Report the aggregate par value of forward contracts that have been entered into by the reporting entity and are outstanding (i.e., open contracts) as of the report date. Do not report the par value of financial instruments intended to be delivered under such contracts if this par value differs from the par value of the contracts themselves. Contracts are outstanding (i.e., open) until they have been cancelled by acquisition or delivery of the underlying financial instruments or settled in cash. Such contracts can only be terminated, other than by receipt of the underlying asset, by agreement of both buyer and seller.

3.c

Exchange-traded option contracts. Option contracts convey either the right or the obligation, depending on whether the reporting entity is the purchaser or the writer, respectively, to buy or sell a financial instrument or commodity at a specified price by a specified future date. Some options are traded on organized exchanges. The buyer of an option contract has, for compensation (such as a fee or premium), acquired the right (or option) to sell to, or purchase from, another party some financial instrument or commodity at a stated price on a specified future date. The seller of the contract has, for such compensation, become obligated to purchase or sell the financial instrument or commodity at the option of the buyer of the contract. A put option contract obligates the seller of the contract to purchase some financial instrument or commodity at the option of the buyer of the contract. A call option contract obligates the seller of the contract to sell some financial instrument or commodity at the option of the buyer of the contract.

3.c.(1)

Written options. Report in this item the aggregate par value of the financial instruments or commodities that the reporting entity has, for compensation (such as a fee or premium), obligated itself to either purchase or sell under exchange-traded option contracts that are outstanding as of the report date.

Page 26 of 48

Quarterly Reporting Instructions | Payment Stablecoin Activity & Reserve Reporting

3.c.(2)

Purchased options. Report in this item the aggregate par value of the financial instruments or commodities that the reporting entity has, for a fee or premium, purchased the right to either purchase or sell under exchangetraded option contracts that are outstanding as of the report date.

3.d

Over-the-counter option contracts. Option contracts convey either the right or the obligation, depending on whether the reporting entity is the purchaser or the writer, respectively, to buy or sell a financial instrument or commodity at a specified price by a specified future date. Options can be written to meet the specialized needs of the counterparties to the transaction. These customized option contracts are known as over-thecounter (OTC) options. Thus, over-the-counter option contracts include all option contracts not traded on an organized exchange. The buyer of an option contract has, for compensation (such as a fee or premium), acquired the right (or option) to sell to, or purchase from, another party some financial instrument or commodity at a stated price on a specified future date. The seller of the contract has, for such compensation, become obligated to purchase or sell the financial instrument or commodity at the option of the buyer of the contract. A put option contract obligates the seller of the contract to purchase some financial instrument or commodity at the option of the buyer of the contract. A call option contract obligates the seller of the contract to sell some financial instrument or commodity at the option of the buyer of the contract. In addition, swaptions, i.e., options to enter into a swap contract, and contracts known as caps, floors, collars, and corridors should be reported as options.

3.d.(1)

Written options. Report in this item the aggregate par value of the financial instruments or commodities that the reporting entity has, for compensation (such as a fee or premium), obligated itself to either purchase or sell under OTC option contracts that are outstanding as of the report date. Also report an aggregate notional amount for written caps, floors, and swaptions and for the written portion of collars and corridors.

3.d.(2)

Purchased options. Report in this item the aggregate par value of the financial instruments or commodities that the reporting entity has, for a fee or premium, purchased the right to either purchase or sell under OTC option contracts that are outstanding as of the report date. Also report an aggregate notional amount for purchased caps, floors, and swaptions and for the purchased portion of collars and corridors.

3.e

Swaps. Swaps are transactions in which two parties agree to exchange payment streams based on a specified notional amount for a specified Page 27 of 48

Quarterly Reporting Instructions | Payment Stablecoin Activity & Reserve Reporting

period. Forward starting swap contracts should be reported as swaps. The notional amount of a swap is the underlying principal amount on which the exchange of interest, foreign exchange, or other income or expense is based. The notional amount to be reported for a swap contract with a multiplier component is the contract’s effective notional amount. In those cases where the reporting entity is acting as an intermediary, both sides of the transaction are to be reported. For purposes of these reports, a swap that has an embedded early termination option that may be exercised either at a specified date or dates before the maturity date of the swap or during a specified period, which may be until the maturity date of the swap, should be reported as a swap and not as an option contract. 3.f.

Total gross notional amount of derivative contracts. Report in the appropriate column, the total notional amount or par value of those derivative contracts reported in Schedule C: Off-Balance-Sheet Items, item 3. This item must equal the sum of Schedule C: Off-Balance-Sheet Items, items 3.a through 3.e., in each column.

4.

Gross fair values of derivative contracts. Report in the appropriate column and subitem the fair value of all derivative contracts reported in Schedule C: Off-Balance-Sheet Items, items 3.a. through 3.e, above. All transactions within the reporting entity should be reported on a net basis. No other netting of contracts is permitted for purposes of this item. Therefore, do not net (1) obligations of the reporting entity to buy against the reporting entity’s obligations to sell, (2) written options against purchased options, (3) positive fair values against negative fair values, or (4) contracts subject to bilateral netting agreements. According to ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurement, fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants in the asset’s or liability’s principal (or most advantageous) market at the measurement date. For purposes of item 4, the reporting entity should determine the fair value of its derivative contracts in the same manner that it determines the fair value of these contracts for other financial reporting purposes, consistent with the guidance in ASC Topic 820.

Page 28 of 48

Quarterly Reporting Instructions | Payment Stablecoin Activity & Reserve Reporting

4.a

Gross positive fair value. Report in the appropriate column the total fair value of those contracts reported in Schedule C: Off-Balance-Sheet Items, items 3.a. through 3.e, above, with positive fair values.

4.b

Gross negative fair value. Report in the appropriate column the total fair value of those contracts reported in in Schedule C: Off-Balance-Sheet Items, items 3.a. through 3.e, above. Report the total fair value as an absolute value, do not report with a minus (-) sign.

Page 29 of 48

Quarterly Reporting Instructions | Payment Stablecoin Activity & Reserve Reporting

Schedule D: Capital and Operational Backstop Item Instructions Item no.

Instructions

Capital Elements 1.

Common stock plus related surplus, net of treasury stock and unearned employee stock ownership plan (ESOP) shares. Report the sum of Schedule B: Balance Sheet, items 17, 18, and 19, as follows: (1) Common stock: Report the amount of common stock reported in Schedule B: Balance Sheet, item 18, provided it meets the criteria for common equity tier 1 capital based on the Capital and Operational Backstop regulations of 12 CFR15.40(b) of the GENIUS regulation. (2) Related surplus: Adjust the amount reported in Schedule B: Balance Sheet, item 19, as follows: include the net amount formally transferred to the surplus account, including capital contributions, and any amount received for common stock in excess of its par or stated value on or before the report date. (3) Treasury stock, unearned ESOP shares, and any other contraequity components: Report the amount of contra-equity components reported in Schedule B: Balance Sheet, item 22.

2.

Retained earnings. Report the amount of the reporting entity’s retained earnings as reported in Schedule B: Balance Sheet, item 20.

3.

Accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI). Report the amount of AOCI as reported under U.S. GAAP that is included in Schedule B: Balance Sheet, item 21.

4.

Common equity tier 1 capital. Report the sum of Schedule D: Capital and Operational Backstop, items 1, 2, and 3.

5.

Additional tier 1 capital. Report the portion of additional tier 1 capital included in Schedule B: Balance Sheet, item 22 that satisfies all the eligibility criteria for additional tier 1 capital instruments in 12 CFR 15.40(c)

6.

Total capital elements. Report the sum of items 4 and 5.

Page 30 of 48

Quarterly Reporting Instructions | Payment Stablecoin Activity & Reserve Reporting

Operational Backstop 7.

12-months total expenses. Report the previous 12 months total expenses, as outlined in 12 CFR 15.41(b). Total expenses should be calculated using the following methodologies, based on the historical information available. (1) Form PS-02 has been filed for at least three quarters: Report the sum of Schedule A: Income Statement, items 2 and 5 for this quarter and the preceding three quarters. (2) Form PS-02 has been filed for less than three quarters and the filer has been in operation and has actual total expense information for at least 12 months: Report the sum of Schedule A: Income Statement, items 2 and 5 for this quarter and all preceding quarters where the Form was filed. To this sum, add actual total expenses for any quarter the Form was not filed to total 12 months of actual expenses. (3) Form PS-02 has been filed for less than three quarters and the filer has not been in operation and does not have total expense information for at least 12 months: Report the sum of Schedule A: Income Statement, items 2 and 5 for this quarter and all preceding quarters where the Form was filed. To this sum, add actual total expenses for any quarter the Form was not filed. If this sum does not reflect 12 months of actual total expenses, estimate the total expenses for the remaining months using a methodology consistent with 12 CFR 15.41(b)(1)(ii)(B), such as annualizing expenses from other quarters or other issuers. Maintain support for any estimates for examiner review.

8.

Composition of operational backstop. Report the composition of assets of the operational backstop reported in Schedule B: Balance Sheet, item 3. The assets in this backstop should be separately identified from reserve assets. The definition of reserve assets is consistent with Schedule B: Balance Sheet, lines 1.a. to 1.d. a. United States coins and currency b. Money standing to the credit of an account with a Federal Reserve Bank c. Deposits d. Treasury bills, Treasury notes, or Treasury bonds

Page 31 of 48

Quarterly Reporting Instructions | Payment Stablecoin Activity & Reserve Reporting

Schedule E: Memorandum Item Instructions Item no.

Instructions

1.

Payment stablecoin issuer type. Indicate in the box at the right the number of the description below that best describes the payment stablecoin issuer type. (1) Subsidiary of an insured national bank or federal savings association that has been approved to issue payment stablecoins under 12 CFR15.30; (2) Federal qualified payment stablecoin issuer (3) State qualified payment stablecoin issuer (4) Foreign payment stablecoin issuer

2.

Other reserve asset income. Disclose in items 2.a through 2.j each component of Schedule A: Income Statement, item 1.c, “Other reserve asset income,” and the dollar amount of such component, that is greater than $100,000 and exceeds 7 percent of the “Other reserve asset income.” If net losses have been reported in Schedule A: Income Statement, item 1.c, for a component of “Other reserve asset income,” use the absolute value of such net losses to determine whether the amount of the net losses is greater than $100,000 and exceeds 7 percent of “Other income” and should be reported in this item. (The absolute value refers to the magnitude of the dollar amount without regard to whether the amount represents net gains or net losses.) If net losses are reported in this item, report them with a minus (-) sign. For components of “Other reserve asset income” that exceed the disclosure threshold, list and briefly describe these components in items 2.a through 2.j.

3.

Other reserve asset expenses. Disclose in items 3.a through 3.j each component of Schedule A: Income Statement, item 2.d, “Other reserve asset expense,” and the dollar amount of such component, that is greater than $100,000 and exceeds 7 percent of the “Other reserve asset expense.” For components of “Other reserve asset expense” that exceed the disclosure threshold, list and briefly describe these components in items 3.a through 3.j.

4.

Other income. Disclose in items 4.a through 4.j each component of Schedule A: Income Statement, item 4.f, “Other income,” and the dollar amount of such component, that is greater than $100,000 and exceeds Page 32 of 48

Quarterly Reporting Instructions | Payment Stablecoin Activity & Reserve Reporting

7 percent of the “Other income.” If net losses have been reported in Schedule A: Income Statement, item 4.f, for a component of “Other income,” use the absolute value of such net losses to determine whether the amount of the net losses is greater than $100,000 and exceeds 7 percent of “Other income” and should be reported in this item. (The absolute value refers to the magnitude of the dollar amount without regard to whether the amount represents net gains or net losses.) If net losses are reported in this item, report them with a minus (-) sign. For components of “Other income” that exceed the disclosure threshold, list and briefly describe these components in items 4.a through 4.j. 5.

Other expenses. Disclose in items 5.a through 5.j each component of Schedule A: Income Statement, item 5.f, “Other expense,” and the dollar amount of such component, that is greater than $100,000 and exceeds 7 percent of the “Other expense.” For components of “Other expense” that exceed the disclosure threshold, list and briefly describe these components in items 5.a through 5.j.

6.

Other assets. Disclose in items 6.a through 6.j each component of Schedule B: Balance Sheet, item 9, “Other assets,” and the dollar amount of such component, that is greater than $100,000 and exceeds 25 percent of the “Other assets.” For components of “Other assets” that exceed the disclosure threshold, list and briefly describe these components in items 6.a through 6.j.

7.

Other liabilities. Disclose in items 7.a through 7.j each component of Schedule B: Balance Sheet, item 15, “Other liabilities,” and the dollar amount of such component, that is greater than $100,000 and exceeds 25 percent of the “Other liabilities.” For components of “Other liabilities” that exceed the disclosure threshold, list and briefly describe these components in items 7.a through 7.j.

8.

Number of different branded payment stablecoins issued. Report the number of different branded payment stablecoins the reporting entity issues and is legally responsible for redeeming (i.e., different brands of payment stablecoins, not number of payment stablecoins outstanding). This includes payment stablecoins issued by the entity, for their own benefit, and payment stablecoins issued for third parties, where the reporting entity has issued and is legally responsible for redeeming the payment stablecoins, commonly known as “white-label stablecoins.” Each branded payment stablecoin issued should have reserve assets on the reporting entity’s balance sheet, with reserve assets held in clearly identified accounts in the name of each payment stablecoin. For example, if a reporting entity issues a branded payment stablecoin for their own benefit and two white-label payment stablecoins, they should report three on this line item.

Page 33 of 48

Quarterly Reporting Instructions | Payment Stablecoin Activity & Reserve Reporting

Corresponding with Option A, in GENIUS regulation text 9.

Compliance with asset diversification and concentration requirements. Report Yes or No on whether the reporting entity met the requirements of the “Diversification Safe Harbor,” as outlined in 12 CFR 15.11(c)(2), for each business day in the reporting period Corresponding with Option B, in GENIUS regulation text Compliance with asset diversification and concentration requirements. Report Yes or No on whether the reporting entity met the requirements of all “Asset Diversification and Concentration” requirements as outlined in 12 CFR 15.11(c) for each business day in the reporting period.

10.

Non-U.S. dollar assets or liabilities. Report Yes or No on whether the reporting entity he any non-U.S. dollar assets on its balance sheet as of the reporting date.

11.

Other activities. If the reporting entity conducts any activities under the authority of 12 CFR 15.10(a)(8), list and briefly describe the activities in 11.a through 11.e.

12.

Reserve assets - quarterly averages. Report for the items in 12.a – 12.g the average of the end-of-day balances for each day for the calendar quarter. Asset categories in 12.a – 12.g are based on the definitions in Schedule B: Balance Sheet, items 1.a – 1.g. End of day is defined as 11:59:59 pm EST. If the reporting entity began operating during the calendar quarter, the quarterly averages for the reporting entity should include only the dollar amounts for the days since the reporting entity began operating in the numerator and the number of days since the reporting entity began operating in the denominator.

12.a

United States coins and currency.

12.b

Money standing to the credit of an account with a Federal Reserve Bank.

12.c

Deposits.

12.d

Treasury bills, Treasury notes, or Treasury bonds.

12.e

Reverse repurchase agreements.

Page 34 of 48

Quarterly Reporting Instructions | Payment Stablecoin Activity & Reserve Reporting

12.f

Securities issued by an investment company that are invested solely in permissible reserve assets.

12.g

Other.

13.

Outstanding payment stablecoins. Report information on outstanding payment stablecoins in items 13.a through 13.g below.

13.a

Outstanding issuance value at beginning of reporting period. Report the total par value of outstanding payment stablecoins at the beginning of the reporting period (i.e., 12:00:00 AM ET of reporting period).

13.b

Payment stablecoins minted. Report the total par value of all payment stablecoins minted. This figure represents total quarterly gross issuances in circulation before any redemptions or burns.

13.c

Payment stablecoins redeemed. Report the total par value of all payment stablecoins redeemed by the issuer but not removed from circulation . This figure represents the total quarterly reduction in circulating supply.

13.d

Payment stablecoins removed from circulation. Report the total par value of payment stablecoins that have been permanently removed from circulation (e.g., by sending them to a verifiable inaccessible address (burn address) or through a smart contract burn function).

13.e.

Nonredeemable payment stablecoins. Report categories of nonredeemable payment stablecoins in items 13.e.(1). through 13.e.(3).

13.e.(1)

Temporarily access-restricted. Report the total par value of payment stablecoins that are currently held in wallets or smart contracts subject to temporary freezes or administrative blocks (e.g., blacklist functions).

13.e.(2)

Time-locked. Report the total par value of payment stablecoins held in smart contracts or vesting schedules that prevent transfer or liquidation until a specific future timestamp or block height.

13.e.(3)

Permanently access-restricted. Report the total par value of payment stablecoins that are irretrievably lost or inaccessible. This includes payment stablecoins sent to known “burn addresses” (other than through the formal redemption process).

Page 35 of 48

Quarterly Reporting Instructions | Payment Stablecoin Activity & Reserve Reporting

13.f

Total nonredeemable payment stablecoins. Report the sum of all restricted payment stablecoins on each specified blockchain that cannot currently be redeemed for fiat currency reported in items 13.e.(1) through 13.e.(3).

13.g

Outstanding issuance value at end of reporting period. Report the total par value of outstanding payment stablecoins at the end of the reporting period (i.e., 11:59:59 PM ET of reporting period). This value must agree to Schedule B: Balance Sheet, item 12.

14.

Outstanding payment stablecoins by blockchain. For each blockchain listed in item 14.a, complete the applicable columns for the reporting period.

14.a

Blockchain name. Provide the name of the blockchain network. If payment stablecoins are issued on more than 10 blockchains, only list the 10 blockchains with the most outstanding payment stablecoins. Blockchains should be reported in rows 1-10 in descending order by the number of tokens outstanding on each blockchain. For example, the blockchain with the most payment stablecoins outstanding should be reported in row 1 and the blockchain with the least payment stablecoins outstanding in the last applicable row. Column Instructions Column A, Outstanding issuance value at beginning of reporting period: Report the total par value of outstanding payment stablecoins at the beginning of the reporting period (i.e., 12:00:00 AM ET of reporting period). Column B, Payment stablecoins minted: Report the total par value of all payment stablecoins issued. This figure represents total quarterly gross issuances in circulation before any redemptions or burns. Column C, Payment stablecoins redeemed: Report the total par value of all payment stablecoins redeemed by the issuer but not removed from circulation. This figure represents the total quarterly reduction in circulating supply. Column D, Payment stablecoins removed from circulation: Report the total par value of payment stablecoins that have been permanently removed from circulation (e.g., by sending them to a verifiable inaccessible address (burn address) or through a smart contract burn function).

Page 36 of 48

Quarterly Reporting Instructions | Payment Stablecoin Activity & Reserve Reporting

Column E, Temporarily access-restricted: Report the total par value of payment stablecoins that are currently held in wallets or smart contracts subject to temporary freezes or administrative blocks (e.g., blacklist functions). Column F, Time-locked: Report the total par value of payment stablecoins held in smart contracts or vesting schedules that prevent transfer or liquidation until a specific future timestamp or block height. Column G, Permanently access-restricted: Report the total par value of payment stablecoins that are irretrievably lost or inaccessible. This includes payment stablecoins sent to known “burn addresses” (other than through the formal redemption process). Column H, Total nonredeemable payment stablecoins: Report the sum of all restricted payment stablecoins on each specified blockchain that cannot currently be redeemed for fiat currency reported in columns E-G. Column I, Outstanding issuance value at end of reporting period: Report the total par value of outstanding payment stablecoins at the end of the reporting period (i.e., 11:59:59 PM ET of reporting period). 15.

Redemption information: Report the following redemption information for the reporting period. Information reported in items 15.a. and 15.e. include calculations based on information reported on Schedule B – Issuance and Redemption in the OCC Reporting Form PS-01, Payment Stablecoin Activity and Reserve Reporting.

15.a

Average redemption time: Report the average of all values reported on Schedule B – Issuance and Redemption line 3.a in OCC Reporting Form PS-01, Payment Stablecoin Activity and Reserve Reporting, for the reporting period. Report the results of the average redemption time in the format hh:mm:ss.

15.b

Total redemption dollar amount exceeding 48 hours: Report the total redemption dollar amount of transactions in which the funds were not made available to payment stablecoin holders within 48 hours.

15.c

Minimum redemption size: Report the dollar amount of the daily single smallest individual redemption transaction successfully processed. Report the actual value; do not report in thousands.

Page 37 of 48

Quarterly Reporting Instructions | Payment Stablecoin Activity & Reserve Reporting

15.d

Maximum redemption size: Report the dollar amount of the daily single largest individual redemption transaction successfully processed. Report the actual value; do not report in thousands.

15.e

Average redemption size: Report the average of all values reported on Schedule B – Issuance and Redemption line 4.c in OCC Reporting Form PS-01, Payment Stablecoin Activity and Reserve Reporting, for the reporting period. Report the actual value; do not report in thousands.

16.

Supplemental reserve asset information: Report in the appropriate column and subitem the following supplemental information on reserve assets reported on Schedule B: Balance Sheet, items 1.a. through 1.h. and item 11. Column Instructions Column A, Amortized cost: Report the total amortized cost dollar amount of each reserve asset category as of the reporting date. Column B, Fair value: Report the total fair value dollar amount of each reserve asset category as of the reporting date. Column C, Quarterly minimum composition: Report the smallest daily “Percentage of total reserve assets” reported on Form PS-01, Schedule C: Reserve Assets, Column B, during the reporting period for each reserve asset category. Column D, Quarterly maximum composition: Report the largest daily “Percentage of total reserve assets” reported on Form PS-01, Schedule C: Reserve Assets, Column B, during the reporting period for each reserve asset category. Column E, Total monetization: Report the total dollar amount generated by sales of instruments within each reserve asset category in the reporting period. Any gains or losses on sale or disposition of reserve assets should be reported in Schedule A: Income Statement, items 1.b.(1) and 1.b.(2). Column F, Tokenized assets: Report the total dollar amount of assets within each reserve asset category that are in tokenized form, as of the reporting date (e.g., balance of tokenized Treasuries within U.S. Treasury Securities). Column G, Weighted average maturity (WAM): Report the weighted average maturity measured in days of each reserve asset category as of the reporting date. WAM is defined as the weighted average time Page 38 of 48

Quarterly Reporting Instructions | Payment Stablecoin Activity & Reserve Reporting

remaining, measured in days, until the maturity of the asset category. For floating rate securities, the maturity shall be deemed to be one day. Additionally, demand deposits shall be deemed to have a WAM of 0. Column H, Weighted average life (WAL): Report the weighted average life, measured in days, for floating rate securities within each reserve asset category as of the reporting date. WAL is defined as the weighted average time, measured in days, required for prepayment of the principal amount. Asset categories in 16.a – 16.h are based on the definitions in Schedule B: Balance Sheet, items 1.a – 1.h. and item 11. 16.a

United States coins and currency.

16.b

Money standing to the credit of an account with a Federal Reserve Bank.

16.c

Deposits.

16.d

Treasury bills, Treasury notes, or Treasury bonds.

16.e

Reverse repurchase agreements.

16.f

Securities issued by an investment company that are invested solely in permissible reserve assets.

16.g

Other.

16.h

Reserve asset securities sold under agreements to repurchase.

17.

Reserve asset maturity data: Report in the appropriate column and subitem the following information on reserve asset maturities as of the reporting date. Column Instructions For the following maturity buckets, report the fair value dollar amount of reserve assets maturing or repricing in each column. For fixed rate debt securities, report the reserve asset in the column that corresponds to the remaining maturity (without regard to repayment schedules, if any). For floating rate debt securities, report the reserve assets in the column that corresponds to the next repricing date of the instrument.

Page 39 of 48

Quarterly Reporting Instructions | Payment Stablecoin Activity & Reserve Reporting

Column A, Up to 1 day: Report instruments with a remaining maturity or repricing date of one day or less. Column B, >1-5 days: Report instruments with a remaining maturity or repricing date occurring in over one day through five days. Column C, >5 days -14 days: Report instruments with a remaining maturity or repricing date of over five days through 14 days. Column D, >14 days - 21 days: Report instruments with a remaining maturity or repricing date of over 14 days through 21 days. Column E, >21 days - 30 days: Report instruments with a remaining maturity or repricing date of over 21 days through 30 days. Column F, >30 days - 60 days: Report instruments with a remaining maturity or repricing date of over 30 days through 60 days. Column G, >60 days - 93 days: Report instruments with a remaining maturity or repricing date of over 60 days through 93 days. Column H, > 93 days: Report instruments with a remaining maturity or repricing date of over 93 days. Asset categories in 17.a – 17.h are based on the definitions in Schedule B: Balance Sheet, items 1.a – 1.h. and item 11. 17.a

United States coins and currency.

17.b

Money standing to the credit of an account with a Federal Reserve Bank.

17.c

Deposits.

17.d

Treasury bills, Treasury notes, or Treasury bonds.

17.e

Reverse repurchase agreements.

17.f

Securities issued by an investment company that are invested solely in permissible reserve assets.

17.g

Other.

17.h

Reserve asset securities sold under agreements to repurchase.

Page 40 of 48

Quarterly Reporting Instructions | Payment Stablecoin Activity & Reserve Reporting

18.

Reserve asset withdrawals. Report the fair value dollar amount of all assets that were withdrawn from the stock of reserve assets, consistent with 12 CFR 15.11(a)(3), and reclassified on the issuer’s balance sheet. Do not report any reserve asset sales, which should be reported in Schedule E: Memorandum 16, Column E.

19.

Custody and safekeeping activities of covered assets. In items 19.a. and 19.b. report the following information on custody and safekeeping activities conducted with respect to 12 CFR 15, Subpart C.

19.a

Dollar amount of custody and safekeeping assets. Report the total fair value dollar amount of covered assets as defined in 12 CFR 15.20.

19.b

Number of custody and safekeeping accounts. Report the total number of accounts that contain covered assets, as defined in 12 CFR 15.20.

20.

Audit. Indicate in the box at the right the number of the statement below that best describes the most comprehensive level of auditing work performed for the reporting entity by independent external auditors as of any date during the previous calendar year. Report the number of the statement listed below that, in the reporting entity’s judgment, best describes the most comprehensive level of auditing work performed by any independent external auditors during the preceding calendar year. The term “any date during the preceding calendar year” refers to the date of the balance sheet and income statement reported on by the auditor (or the date as of which certain agreed-upon procedures were applied to selected records and transactions by the auditor) regardless of the actual date of the commencement of the auditing work (integrated audit, 2 financial statement audit, , review, compilation, or specific procedures) and regardless of the date of the report submitted by the auditor. Exclude from “auditing work performed” any tax or consulting work regardless of whether it was performed by an independent certified public accounting firm or others. The list of possible external auditing work is below. 1a = An integrated audit of the reporting entity’s financial statements and its internal control over financial reporting conducted in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) by an independent public accountant that submits a report on the reporting entity.

2 An integrated audit occurs when an independent external auditor is engaged to perform an audit of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting that is integrated with an audit of the financial statements and renders opinions on the financial statements and on internal control over financial reporting.

Page 41 of 48

Quarterly Reporting Instructions | Payment Stablecoin Activity & Reserve Reporting

1b = An integrated audit of the reporting entity’s financial statements and its internal control over financial reporting conducted in accordance with the standards the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) by an independent public accountant that submits a report on the reporting entity. 2a = An audit of the reporting entity’s financial statements only conducted in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB by an independent public accountant that submits a report on the reporting entity. 2b = An audit of the reporting entity’s financial statements only conducted in accordance with the standards of the AICPA by an independent public accountant that submits a report on the reporting entity. 3= An integrated audit of the reporting entity’s parent company’s financial statements and internal control over financial reporting conducted in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB or AICPA by an independent public accountant. 4 = An audit of the reporting entity’s parent company’s financial statements only conducted in accordance with the standards of the AICPA or PCAOB by an independent public accountant. 5 = Review of the reporting entity’s financial statements by external auditors. 6 = Compilation of the reporting entity’s financial statements by external auditors. 7 = Other audit procedures (excluding tax preparation work). 8 = No external audit work. Reporting entities may be assisted in determining the level of auditing work performed by reviewing the type of report issued by the auditor. If a reporting entity or its parent company has external auditing work performed by a certified public accounting firm, the work may be (i) an integrated audit of the reporting entity’s or the parent company’s financial statements and its internal control over financial reporting or (ii) an audit of the financial statements only. When an integrated audit is performed, the auditor may choose to issue a combined report (i.e., one report containing both an opinion on the financial statements and an opinion on internal control over financial reporting) or separate Page 42 of 48

Quarterly Reporting Instructions | Payment Stablecoin Activity & Reserve Reporting

reports on the financial statements and on internal control over financial reporting. a. If the reporting entity or parent company has external auditing work performed by a certified public accounting firm and the report issued by the auditor: Begins

“We have audited . . . ”

and also states in the first paragraph or in a separate paragraph

“We also have audited . . . internal control over financial reporting . . .” or “We also have examined . . . internal control over financial reporting . . .”

and includes a paragraph that begins

“In our opinion, the [consolidated] financial statements referred to above . . .” and also refers to internal control over financial reporting

and the first sentence of the first paragraph of the report describes the financial statements of the reporting entity, the reporting entity would respond to this item with a “1a” if the audit was conducted in accordance with PCAOB standards or with a “1b” if the audit was conducted under AICPA standards. If the first sentence of the first paragraph of the report describes the financial statements of the reporting entity’s parent company, the reporting entity, would respond to this item with a “3.” b. If the reporting entity or parent company has external auditing work performed by a certified public accounting firm and the report issued by the auditor: Begins

“We have audited . . . ” but the first paragraph or a separate paragraph makes no reference to internal control over financial reporting,

and the report includes a paragraph that begins

“In our opinion, the [consolidated] financial statements referred to above . . .” but makes no reference to internal control over financial reporting or “In our opinion, the balance sheet referred to above . . ."

and the first sentence of the first paragraph of the report describes the financial statements of the reporting entity, the reporting entity would respond to this item with a “2a” if the audit was conducted in accordance with PCAOB standards or with a “2b” if audit was conducted under AICPA standards. If the first sentence of the first paragraph of the report describes the financial statements of the

Page 43 of 48

Quarterly Reporting Instructions | Payment Stablecoin Activity & Reserve Reporting

reporting entity’s parent company, the reporting entity would respond to this item with a “4.” c. If the report submitted by the auditor: Begins

“We have reviewed . . . ,”

The second paragraph states

“A review consists principally of inquiries . . . ,”

and The final paragraph begins

“Based on our review . . .”

the reporting entity would respond to this item with a "5." d. If the report submitted by the auditor: Begins

“We have compiled . . . ,”

and The second paragraph begins

“A compilation is limited to presenting . . .”

the reporting entity would respond to this item with a “6.” e. If the report submitted by the auditor: Begins

“We have applied certain procedures to selected records and transactions . . .,”

The second paragraph includes

“We do not express an opinion, . . .”

and The next to last paragraph states

“Had we performed additional procedures . . . other matters may have come to our attention . . .”

the reporting entity would respond with a “7.” An “independent external auditor” is an auditor who at no time during the year:

Page 44 of 48

Quarterly Reporting Instructions | Payment Stablecoin Activity & Reserve Reporting

(1) was an employee of the reporting entity; (2) performed the reporting entity’s bookkeeping or maintained the reporting entity’s accounting records; (3) was dependent on the reporting entity for his livelihood nor was the reporting entity such a significant client that the loss of that client would jeopardize his livelihood; nor (4) held the reporting entity’s securities or was indebted to the reporting entity beyond those types of loans permitted under applicable professional standards. 21.

Comments. Optional narrative statement concerning the amounts reported in Form PS-02. The management of the reporting entity may, if it wishes, submit a brief narrative statement on the amounts reported in Form PS-02. This optional statement will be made available to the public, along with the publicly available data in the Form PS-02, in response to any request for individual reporting entity report data. Note Regarding Optional Statements

REPORTING ENTITIES CHOOSING TO SUBMIT THE NARRATIVE STATEMENT SHOULD ENSURE THAT THE STATEMENT DOES NOT CONTAIN THE NAMES OR OTHER IDENTIFICATIONS OF INDIVIDUAL CUSTOMERS, REFERENCES TO THE AMOUNTS REPORTED IN CONFIDENTIAL ITEMS, OR ANY OTHER INFORMATION THAT THEY ARE NOT WILLING TO HAVE MADE PUBLIC OR THAT WOULD COMPROMISE THE PRIVACY OF THEIR CUSTOMERS.

Reporting entities choosing not to make a statement should make no entries of any kind in the space provided for the narrative statement, i.e., DO NOT enter in this space such phrases as “No statement,” “Not applicable,” “N/A,” “No comment,” and “None.” The optional statement must be entered on this form. The statement should not exceed 100 words. Further, regardless of the number of words, the statement must not exceed 750 characters, including punctuation, indentation, and standard spacing between words and sentences. If any submission exceeds 750 characters, as defined, it will be truncated at 750 Page 45 of 48

Quarterly Reporting Instructions | Payment Stablecoin Activity & Reserve Reporting

characters with no notice to the submitting reporting entity, and the truncated statement will appear as the reporting entity’s statement both on agency computerized records and in computer-file releases to the public. All information furnished by the reporting entity in the narrative statement must be accurate and not misleading. Appropriate efforts shall be taken by the submitting reporting entity to ensure the statement’s accuracy. If, subsequent to the original submission, material changes are submitted for the data reported in Form PS-02, the existing narrative statement will be deleted from the files, and from disclosure; the reporting entity, at its option, may replace it with a statement appropriate to the amended data. The optional narrative statement will appear in agency records and in release to the public exactly as submitted (or amended as described in the preceding paragraph) by the management of the reporting entity (except for the truncation of statements exceeding the 750-character limit described above). Important Disclosure Regarding Optional Statements

THE STATEMENT WILL NOT BE EDITED OR SCREENED IN ANY WAY BY THE OCC FOR ACCURACY OR RELEVANCE. DISCLOSURE OF THE STATEMENT SHALL NOT SIGNIFY THAT THE OCC HAS VERIFIED OR CONFIRMED THE ACCURACY OF THE INFORMATION CONTAINED THEREIN. A STATEMENT TO THIS EFFECT WILL APPEAR ON ANY PUBLIC RELEASE OF THE OPTIONAL STATEMENT SUBMITTED BY THE MANAGEMENT OF THE REPORTING ENTITY.

Page 46 of 48

Quarterly Reporting Instructions | Payment Stablecoin Activity & Reserve Reporting

Comments. Optional narrative statement concerning the amounts reported in Form PS-02. The management of the reporting entity may, if it wishes, submit a brief narrative statement on the amounts reported in Form PS-02. This optional statement will be made available to the public, along with the publicly available data in the Form PS-02, in response to any request for individual reporting entity report data. Note Regarding Optional Statements

REPORTING ENTITIES CHOOSING TO SUBMIT THE NARRATIVE STATEMENT SHOULD ENSURE THAT THE STATEMENT DOES NOT CONTAIN THE NAMES OR OTHER IDENTIFICATIONS OF INDIVIDUAL CUSTOMERS, REFERENCES TO THE AMOUNTS REPORTED IN CONFIDENTIAL ITEMS, OR ANY OTHER INFORMATION THAT THEY ARE NOT WILLING TO HAVE MADE PUBLIC OR THAT WOULD COMPROMISE THE PRIVACY OF THEIR CUSTOMERS.

Reporting entities choosing not to make a statement should make no entries of any kind in the space provided for the narrative statement, i.e., DO NOT enter in this space such phrases as “No statement,” “Not applicable,” “N/A,” “No comment,” and “None.” The optional statement must be entered on this form. The statement should not exceed 100 words. Further, regardless of the number of words, the statement must not exceed 750 characters, including punctuation, indentation, and standard spacing between words and sentences. If any submission exceeds 750 characters, as defined, it will be truncated at 750 characters with no notice to the submitting reporting entity, and the truncated statement will appear as the reporting entity’s statement both on agency computerized records and in computer-file releases to the public. All information furnished by the reporting entity in the narrative statement must be accurate and not misleading. Appropriate efforts shall be taken by the submitting reporting entity to ensure the statement’s accuracy. If, subsequent to the original submission, material changes are submitted for the data reported in Form PS-02, the existing narrative statement will be deleted from the files, and from disclosure; the reporting entity, at its option, may replace it with a statement appropriate to the amended data.

Page 47 of 48

Quarterly Reporting Instructions | Payment Stablecoin Activity & Reserve Reporting

The optional narrative statement will appear in agency records and in release to the public exactly as submitted (or amended as described in the preceding paragraph) by the management of the reporting entity (except for the truncation of statements exceeding the 750-character limit described above). THE STATEMENT WILL NOT BE EDITED OR SCREENED IN ANY WAY BY THE OCC FOR ACCURACY OR RELEVANCE. DISCLOSURE OF THE STATEMENT SHALL NOT SIGNIFY THAT THE OCC HAS VERIFIED OR CONFIRMED THE ACCURACY OF THE INFORMATION CONTAINED THEREIN. A STATEMENT TO THIS EFFECT WILL APPEAR ON ANY PUBLIC RELEASE OF THE OPTIONAL STATEMENT SUBMITTED BY THE MANAGEMENT OF THE REPORTING ENTITY.

Page 48 of 48
