VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS                                  [ CAP. 590.           1

                        CHAPTER 590
                VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS ACT
     AN ACT to regulate the field of Initial Virtual Financial Asset Offerings
and Virtual Financial Assets and to make provision for matters ancillary or
incidental thereto or connected therewith.

                                                             1st November, 2018

      ACT XXX of 2018. as amended by Legal Notice 106 of 2021 and Acts
XLVI of 2021 , XIV and XXXVI of 2024 and XI of 2025.

                     ARRANGEMENT OF THE ACT
                                                                     Articles
Part I          Preliminary                                            1-2
Part II         Initial VFA Offerings                                 3 - 12
Part III        Licensing Requirements                                  13
Part IV         Application, Grant, Cancellation, etc., of
                Licences                                              14 - 22
Part V          Board of Administration and Obligations of
                Licence Holders                                       23 - 32
Part VI         Prevention of Market Abuse                            33 - 37
Part VII        Regulatory and Investigatory Powers                   38 - 49
Part VIII       Duty of Auditors                                        50
Part IX         Appeals, Remedies, Sanctions and
                Confidentiality                                       51 - 57
Part X          Miscellaneous Provisions                              58 - 61
Part XI         Transitory Provisions                                 62-64

First Schedule              Matters to be specified in a
                            whitepaper of an issuer and
                            requirements for its approval and
                            publication
Second Schedule             VFA services

                                    PART I

                                  Preliminary

           1.    The short title of this Act is the Virtual Financial Assets      Short title.
Act.

       2.   (1)     Unless the context otherwise requires, terms and              Interpretation.
                                                                                  Amended by:
phrases not defined in this Act shall have the same meaning as the                L.N. 106 of 2021;
said terms and phrases are given in the Malta Digital Innovation                  XIV.2024.2.
                                                                                  Cap. 591.
Authority Act.

      (2) In this Act and in the Schedules thereto, unless the
context otherwise requires -
2           [ CAP. 590.                     VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS
                           "administrator" means an officer or any person who is


                     appointed to carry out representative and fiduciary functions in the
                    control and administration of a legal person, and any person who


                     carries out such functions even if under another name, but shall not
                    include a technical administrator or a resident agent under the

Cap. 592.
                     Innovative Technology Arrangements and Services Act, and the term
                     "board of administration" shall be construed accordingly;

                            "advertisement" means any form or medium of marketing
                     activity disseminated to the public by means of any type of media,
                     which promotes the purchase of a virtual financial asset or the
                     procurement of a VFA service:

                                  Provided that an advertisement shall not include the
                     provision of a personal recommendation;

                           "asset-referenced token" shall have the same meaning as that
                     assigned to it in point (6) of Article 3(1) of the MiCA Regulation;

                           "assets" means movable and immovable property of any kind;

                            "benchmark" means any rate, index or figure, made available
                     to the public or published that is periodically or regularly determined
                     by the application of a formula to, or on the basis of, the value of one
                     or more underlying assets or prices, including estimated prices, actual
                     or estimated interest rates or other values, or surveys, and by
                     reference to which the amount payable under a virtual financial asset
                     or the value of a virtual financial asset is determined;

                          "beneficial owner" shall have the same meaning assigned to it

S.L. 373.01
                     under regulation 2 of the Prevention of Money Laundering and
                     Funding of Terrorism Regulations, and "beneficial ownership" shall
                     be construed accordingly;

                          "Central Bank" means the Central Bank of Malta as defined by
                    the Central Bank of Malta Act;
Cap. 204.

                          "company" means a limited liability company constituted in
                    Malta in accordance with the Companies Act or any law which may
Cap. 386.
                     from time to time be in force, or a company incorporated outside
                     Malta, provided that such company if not incorporated in Malta
                     would qualify to be so incorporated under the laws of Malta;

                         "competent authority" means the Malta Financial Services

Cap. 330.
                     Authority established by the Malta Financial Services Authority Act;

                           "court" means the Civil Court, First Hall;

                            "decision" includes any directive, determination, direction,
                     condition, measure, requirement or specification, howsoever
                     described, made by the competent authority;
              VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS                             [ CAP. 590.       3

       "Directive 2015/849/EU" means Directive 2015/849/EU of the
European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2015 on the
prevention of the use of the financial system for the purposes of
money laundering or terrorist financing, amending Regulation (EU)
No 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council, and
repealing Directive 2005/60/EC of the European Parliament and of
the Council and Commission Directive 2006/70/EC, as may be
amended from time to time;

       "Distributed Ledger Technology" or "DLT" means a database         
system in which information is recorded, consensually shared, and        
                                                                         
synchronised across a network of multiple nodes as further described     
in the First Schedule of the Innovative Technology Arrangements and      
                                                                         
Services Act, whether the same is certified under that Act or            Cap. 592.
otherwise;

      "DLT asset" means -

            (a)     a virtual token;

            (b)     a virtual financial asset;

            (c)     electronic money;

            (d)      electronic money token; or

            (e)     a financial instrument,

that is intrinsically dependent on, or utilises, Distributed Ledger
Technology;

       "DLT exchange" means any trading and, or exchange platform
or facility, whether in Malta or in another jurisdiction, on which any
form of DLT asset may be transacted in accordance with the rules of
the platform or facility;

       "document" or "documentation" includes information recorded
in any form and, in relation to information recorded otherwise than in
humanly intelligible form, references to its production include
references to producing a copy of the information in legible form;

      "EBA" means the European Banking Authority established by
Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010;

      "EEA State" means a State which is a contracting party to the
agreement on the European Economic Area signed in Porto on 2 May
1992 as amended by the Protocol signed at Brussels on 17 March
1993, and as amended by any subsequent acts;

      "EIOPA" means the European Insurance and Occupational
Pensions Authority established in terms of Article 1 of Regulation
(EU) No 1094/2010;
4           [ CAP. 590.                    VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS
                          "electronic money" shall have the same meaning assigned to it

Cap. 376.
                     under the Third Schedule to the Financial Institutions Act;

                          "electronic money token" or "e-money token" shall have the
                     same meaning as that assigned to it in point (7) of Article 3(1) of the
                     MiCA Regulation;

                          "ESMA" means the European Securities and Markets
                     Authority established by Regulation (EU) No 1095/2010 of the
                     European Parliament and of the Council of 24 November 2010;

                           "ESRB" means the European Systemic Risk Board established
                     by Regulation (EU) No 1092/2010 of the European Parliament and of
                     the Council of 24 November 2010, on European Union macro-
                     prudential oversight of the financial system and establishing a
                     European Systemic Risk Board;

                          "European regulatory authority" means an authority in a

                    Member State or EEA State, other than Malta, which exercises any
                    regulatory or supervisory function in relation to financial services

                    corresponding to a function of the competent authority as defined in
                    the Malta Financial Services Authority Act;
Cap. 330.
                            "European right" means the entitlement of a licence holder to
                     establish a branch or provide services in a Member State or an EEA
                     State, other than Malta -

                                  (a)   in accordance with the Treaty on the Functioning
                           of the European Union as applied in that Member State or EEA
                           State; and

                                  (b)     subject to any regulations made under this Act,
                           or rules issued by the competent authority pursuant to this Act;

                         "European Supervisory Authorities" or "ESAs" means EBA,
                     ESMA and EIOPA;

                           "financial instrument" shall have the same meaning assigned to

Cap. 370.            it under the Second Schedule to the Investment Services Act, whether
                     or not issued in Malta;

                            "funds" means banknotes and coins, scriptural money,
                     electronic money and virtual financial assets;

                            "initial virtual financial asset offering" or "initial VFA
                     offering" means a method of raising funds whereby an issuer is
                     issuing virtual financial assets and is offering them in exchange for
                     funds;

                           "inspector" means an inspector appointed under article 40;

                           "issuer" means a legal person duly formed under any law for
              VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS                              [ CAP. 590.       5

the time being in force in Malta which issues or proposes to issue
virtual financial assets in or from within Malta;

      "licence" means a licence to provide a VFA service or services
granted by the competent authority in terms of article 15;

       "licence holder" means a person who holds a licence under this
Act;

       "Malta’s international commitments" means Malta’s
commitments, responsibilities and obligations arising out of
membership of, or affiliation to, or relationship with, any
international, global or regional organisations or grouping of
countries or out of any treaty, convention or other international
agreement, however called, whether bilateral or multilateral, to which
Malta is a party;

       "market abuse" means insider dealing, the unlawful disclosure
of inside information and market manipulation in relation to any
transaction, order or behaviour concerning any virtual financial asset;

      "Member State" means a Member State of the European
Union;

       "MiCA Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2023/1114 of the
European Parliament and of the Council of 31 May 2023 on markets
in crypto-assets, and amending Regulations (EU) No. 1093/2010 and
(EU) No. 1095/2010 and Directives 2013/36/EU and (EU) 2019/
1937, as may be amended from time to time, and includes any
binding legal instruments, guidelines and other measures that have
been or may be issued thereunder;

       "MiFID" means Directive 2014/65/EU of the European
Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014, on markets in
financial instruments and amending Directive 2002/92/EC and
Directive 2011/61/EU, as amended from time to time, and includes
any implementing measures that have been or may be issued
thereunder;

       "Minister" means the Minister responsible for the regulation of
financial services;

       "overseas regulatory authority" means an authority in a            
                                                                          
country or territory outside Malta that is not a Member State or EEA      
State which exercises any regulatory or supervisory function in           
                                                                          
relation to financial services corresponding to a function of the         
competent authority as defined in the Malta Financial Services            
                                                                          Cap. 330.
Authority Act;

       "person" means a natural or legal person in terms of law;

       "prescribed" means prescribed by regulations made under this
6           [ CAP. 590.                    VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS
                     Act;

                            "qualifying holding" means a direct or indirect holding in a
                     legal person which represents ten per cent (10%) or more of the
                     capital or of the voting rights in such person which makes it possible
                     to exercise a significant influence on the administration of the person
                     in which that holding subsists and includes the holding of DLT assets
                     with voting, control or ownership rights, and "qualifying holder"
                     shall be construed accordingly;

                            "recognised jurisdiction" means a member of the European
                     Union or the EEA or the Organisation for Economic Co-operation
                     and Development as well as any other jurisdiction approved by notice
                     of the Minister from time to time for the purpose of this definition;

                           "resident in Malta" means an individual whose habitual
                     residence is in Malta;

                           "rules" refers to rules issued by the competent authority in
                     terms of this Act;

                           "smart contract" means a form of technology arrangement
                     consisting of -

                                  (a)     a computer protocol; or

                                  (b)     an agreement concluded wholly or partly in an
                            electronic form, which is automatable and enforceable by
                            computer code, although some parts may require human input
                            and control and which may be also enforceable by ordinary
                            legal methods or by a mixture of both;

                          "subject person" shall have the same meaning assigned to it

S.L. 373.01.         under regulation 2 of the Prevention of Money Laundering and
                     Funding of Terrorism Regulations;

                           "subsidiary" has the same meaning assigned to it under article

Cap. 386.
                     2 of the Companies Act;

                          "Tribunal" means the Financial Services Tribunal established

Cap. 330.
                     under article 21 of the Malta Financial Services Authority Act;

                            "unit" means any representation of the rights and interests in a
                     legal person and "unit holder" shall be construed accordingly;

                           "VFA agent" means any person who is registered as such with
                    the competent authority on the first date of the coming into force of
Act No. XIV of

2024.                the Virtual Financial Assets (Amendment) Act, 2024;

                            "VFA agreement" means any agreement the making or
                     performance of which, by either party, constitutes a service or
                     activity licensable under this Act;
               VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS                                 [ CAP. 590.   7

       "VFA exchange" means a DLT exchange for virtual financial
assets, operating in or from within Malta, within which multiple third
party buying and selling interests for virtual financial assets can
interact in a manner that results in a contract, by exchanging one
virtual financial asset for another or a virtual financial asset for fiat
currency that is legal tender or a fiat currency that is legal tender for a
virtual financial asset;

      "VFA exchange operator" means a person or persons who
manages and, or operates the business of a VFA exchange and may be
the VFA exchange itself;

      "VFA service" means any service falling within the Second
Schedule when provided in relation to a DLT asset which has been
determined to be a virtual financial asset;

       "virtual financial asset" or "VFA" means any form of digital
medium recordation that is used as a digital medium of exchange,
unit of account, or store of value and that is not -

             (a)      electronic money;

             (b)      a financial instrument; or

             (c)      a virtual token:

          Provided that, for the purposes of Part II, asset-referenced
tokens and e-money tokens shall also be excluded;

       "virtual token" means a form of digital medium recordation
whose utility, value or application is restricted solely to the
acquisition of goods or services, either solely within the DLT
platform on or in relation to which it was issued or within a limited
network of DLT platforms:

             Provided that the term ''DLT platform'' referred to in this
definition shall exclude DLT exchanges:

             Provided further that a virtual token which is or may be
converted into another DLT asset type shall be treated as the DLT asset
type into which it is or may be converted;

       "whitepaper" means a document in such form and containing
such information as specified in article 4 and the First Schedule.

       (3) Any reference in this Act to any law, or provision
thereof, shall be construed as a reference to that law or provision as
from time to time in force, and shall include a reference to any
enactment replacing such law or provision, and to any subsidiary
legislation made thereunder.

       (4)   In this Act and in any regulations made thereunder, if
8          [ CAP. 590.                         VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS
                       there is any conflict between the English and Maltese text, the
                       English text shall prevail.

                                                         PART II

                                                Initial VFA Offerings

Initial VFA                   3.    (1)     No issuer shall offer a virtual financial asset to
offerings and
admission to
                       the public in or from within Malta or shall apply for a virtual
trading on VFA         financial asset’s admission to trading on a DLT exchange unless such
exchange to be
made with a
                       issuer draws up a whitepaper which -
registered
whitepaper.                        (a)      complies with the requirements of article 4; and
Amended by:
XIV.2024.3.
                                    (b)      is registered in accordance with sub-article (2):

                                    Provided that where a DLT asset is determined by the
                       issuer to be a financial instrument or electronic money, the issuer
                       shall be required to comply with the respective applicable laws in lieu
                       of the provisions of this Act.

                               (2) No whitepaper shall be issued or published in terms of
                       article 9(2) unless, ten working days before the date of its circulation in
                       any way whatsoever, a copy thereof, signed by every person named
                       therein as a member of the issuer’s board of administration or their
                       agent authorised in writing has been delivered to the competent
                       authority.

                              (3)   Repealed by Act XIV.2024.3.

                             (4) Upon being satisfied that the requirements of article 4(1)
                       have been complied with, the competent authority shall register the
                       whitepaper.

                              (5) Where the applicant is constituted in a recognised
                       jurisdiction, he shall abide with any local presence requirements as
                       may be prescribed or provided for in rules issued under this Act.

Dating of                     4.    (1)      Every whitepaper shall -
whitepaper and
matters to be stated
therein.                            (a)      be dated;

                                    (b)      state the matters specified in the First Schedule;
                              and

                                    (c)     include a statement by the board of
                              administration confirming that the whitepaper complies with
                              the requirements of article 3 and of this article.

                               (2) A condition requiring or binding an investor in an initial
                       VFA offering to waive compliance with any requirement of this
                       article or purporting to affect the investor with notice of any contract,
                VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS                               [ CAP. 590.             9

document or matter not specifically referred to in the whitepaper
shall be void.

       5.    Where the issuer maintains a website, its homepage shall        Website.
at least contain such information and in such format as may be
required by the competent authority by means of rules issued under
this Act.

        6.   (1)    Any type of advertisements relating to either an         Advertisements.
initial VFA offering or the admission of a virtual financial asset to
trading on a VFA exchange shall satisfy the following requirements:

                (a)     advertisements shall be clearly identifiable as
         such. The information contained in the advertisement shall not
         be inaccurate or misleading. This information shall also be
         consistent with the information contained in the whitepaper, if
         already published in terms of article 9(2), or with the
         information required to be in the whitepaper, if the whitepaper
         is to be published afterwards;

               (b)    an advertisement shall contain a statement that a
         whitepaper has been or will be published in terms of article
         9(2) and the addresses and times at which copies of the
         whitepaper are or will be available to the public; and

                (c)    all information concerning the initial VFA
         offering or the admission to trading on a VFA exchange
         disclosed in an oral or written form, even if not for advertising
         purposes, shall be consistent with that contained in the
         whitepaper:

            Provided that the term "information" shall be deemed for
the purposes of this article to include the name of any person
endorsing the issuer’s whitepaper:

             Provided further that where a person under this sub-article
is an issuer within the meaning of this Act, the reference to "VFA
exchange" shall be read as a reference to "DLT exchange".

       (2) Such information shall be included in the whitepaper or
in a supplement thereto in accordance with the First Schedule.

    7.       The obligations of the issuer shall include:                    Obligations of the
                                                                             issuer towards the
                                                                             competent
             (a)    complying with the provisions of this Act and with       authority.
                    any regulations made and rules issued thereunder;        Substituted by:
                                                                             XIV.2024.4.

             (b)    co-operating with the competent authority in an
                    open and honest manner;

             (c)    providing prompt feedback to the competent
                    authority with respect to any enquiries raised by the
10          [ CAP. 590.                     VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS
                                       said competent authority;

                                 (d)   disclosing to the competent authority in a timely
                                       manner any material information of which it has
                                       knowledge which addresses non-compliance, or
                                       potential non-compliance with any of the
                                       provisions of this Act or of any regulations made or
                                       rules issued thereunder;

                                 (e)   receiving and retaining all documentation and
                                       information to demonstrate how, and to what
                                       extent, it has satisfied the requirements as
                                       prescribed in the provisions of this Act and of any
                                       regulations made and rules issued thereunder, in so
                                       far as they apply to any offer or admission to
                                       trading referred to in article 3, including inter alia
                                       how the issuer is considered to be a fit and proper
                                       person to carry out the activity or activities referred
                                       to in article 3, and to demonstrate how it has
                                       complied and, as far as it can determine, how it
                                       shall comply with its continuing obligations under
                                       this Act;

                                 (f)   submitting to the competent authority all required
                                       information and documentation in terms of this Act
                                       and of any regulations made and rules issued
                                       thereunder, including the confirmations in terms of
                                       article 4(1), in a timely manner;

                                 (g)   disclosing to the competent authority without delay
                                       any information or explanations that the competent
                                       authority may reasonably require for the purpose of
                                       verifying any information which should be taken
                                       into account when considering an application for
                                       the registration of a whitepaper;

                                 (h)   submitting to the competent authority on an annual
                                       basis a certificate of compliance within the
                                       meaning of article 32; and

                                 (i)   complying with any other conditions as the
                                       competent authority may require or as may be
                                       prescribed.Admission of virtual financial assets to
                                       trading.

Admission of                8.     (1)      A person may apply for admission of its virtual
virtual financial
assets to trading.
                      financial assets to trading on a VFA exchange in accordance with the
Amended by:          provisions of any regulations made or rules issued under this Act:
XIV.2024.5.
                                   Provided that where a person under this sub-article is an
                      issuer within the meaning found under this Act, the reference to
              VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS                                 [ CAP. 590.          11

"VFA exchange" shall be read as a reference to "DLT exchange".

       (2) Where, further to an application made under sub-article
(1), an issuer’s virtual financial assets are admitted to trading, the
issuer shall comply with all the applicable requirements as prescribed
in this Act and any regulations made and rules issued thereunder for
as long as such virtual financial assets remain admitted to trading:

              Provided that the provisions of article 3(1) and of this
sub-article shall not apply in so far as the said virtual financial assets
have been admitted to trading irrespective of the issuer’s will.

       9.    (1)     An issuer shall:                                        Applicable
                                                                             principles.
             (a)     conduct its business with honesty and integrity;

             (b)    communicate with his investors in a fair, clear
       and not misleading manner;

             (c)     conduct its business with due skill, care and
       diligence;

            (d)      identify and manage any conflict of interest that
       may arise;

             (e)      have effective arrangements in place for the
       protection of investors’ funds;

             (f)     have effective administration arrangements;

             (g)     maintain all of its systems and security access
       protocols to appropriate international standards; and

             (h)     be considered as a subject person.

       (2) Where an issuer maintains a website in terms of article 5
and is required to make public any information or provide notice to
the public, the issuer shall be considered to have complied with this
obligation if it publishes such information or notice on his website.

       10. (1)       The issuer shall be liable for damages sustained        Civil liability for
by a person as a direct consequence of such person having bought             misstatements in
                                                                             whitepaper,
virtual financial assets, either as part of an initial VFA offering by       advertisements and
such issuer or on a DLT exchange, on the basis of information                website.
contained in the whitepaper, website or advertisement by reason of
any untrue statement included therein:

              Provided that a statement included in a whitepaper,
website or advertisement shall be deemed to be untrue if it is
misleading or otherwise inaccurate or inconsistent, either wilfully or
in consequence of gross negligence, in the form and context in which
it is included:
12         [ CAP. 590.                      VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS
                                   Provided further that a statement shall be deemed to be
                      included in a whitepaper if it is contained therein or in any document
                      or information referred to therein or issued therewith.

                            (2)   No person shall be liable under this article if -

                                 (a)     he proves that he believed and had reasonable
                            grounds to believe, that the statement was true; or

                                  (b)     on becoming aware of the untrue statement, he
                            immediately gave reasonable public notice in terms of article
                            9(2) of the untruthfulness of the statement.

                             (3) No person shall be liable for statements made in the
                      summary referred to in the First Schedule, including the translation
                      thereof, except when such statements are misleading, inaccurate or
                      inconsistent, when read together with the other parts of the
                      whitepaper, or if it does not provide, when read together with the
                      other parts of the whitepaper, key information in order to aid
                      investors when considering whether to invest in such virtual financial
                      assets. The summary shall contain a clear warning to that effect.

Cross-border offers          11. The offering of virtual financial assets, or the admission
and admission to      to trading on a DLT exchange, in a country outside Malta shall be
trading.
                      subject to the laws of that country.

Powers of the               12. (1)         Without prejudice to any other powers of the
competent
authority.
                      competent authority under other provisions of the Act, the competent
                      authority shall also have the power to:

                                   (a)   require the inclusion in the whitepaper,
                            advertisements or the issuer’s website, as applicable, of
                            supplementary information necessary for investor protection
                            as the competent authority may specify;

                                  (b)    require the amendment in the whitepaper,
                            advertisements or the issuer’s website, as applicable, of any
                            information necessary for investor protection as the competent
                            authority may specify;

                                  (c)     suspend an initial VFA offering or the trading on
                            a VFA exchange or prohibit or suspend advertisements if the
                            competent authority, in its reasonable discretion, believes or
                            suspects that a provision of this Act has been infringed;

                                  (d)      prohibit an initial VFA offering or trading on a
                            VFA exchange if the provisions of this Act have been
                            infringed or if the competent authority, in its reasonable
                            discretion, believes or suspects that they have been or could be
                            infringed; and

                                  (e)     make public the fact that an issuer is failing to
              VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS                               [ CAP. 590.           13

      comply with his obligations under any provision of the Act
      and may disclose measures or sanctions imposed on any
      person responsible for the issue, circulation or distribution of a
      whitepaper,    unless    such      disclosure    would      cause
      disproportionate damage to the persons involved.

       (2) Where a person under sub-article (1) is an issuer within
the meaning found under this Act, the reference to "VFA exchange"
shall be read as a reference to "DLT exchange".

                              PART III

                      Licensing Requirements

       13. (1)      No person shall provide, or hold itself out as         Licensing and
providing, a VFA service in or from within Malta unless such person        determination
                                                                           requirement.
is in possession of a valid licence granted under this Act by the
competent authority:

              Provided that, in so far as a determination has not
already been made in terms of article 3, a person under this sub-
article shall make a determination as to whether a DLT asset in
relation to which it provides, or holds itself out as providing, a VFA
service falls within the meaning of a virtual financial asset.

      (2) The competent authority may by notice in writing to any
person determine that -

            (a)     an activity constitutes a VFA service; or

             (b)     a DLT asset qualifies as a virtual financial asset,
      a virtual token, electronic money or a financial instrument, and
      whether or not issued in Malta; or

            (c)     a VFA service is provided in or from within
      Malta; or

             (d)    an initial VFA offering has been/is being made
      in or from within Malta:

             Provided that the competent authority’s determination
shall be subject to any appeal in terms of article 51.

                              PART IV

          Application, Grant, Cancellation etc. of Licences

      14. (1)       An application for a licence under this Act shall      Application for a
                                                                           licence.
be made in the form and manner required by the competent authority         Amended by:
and shall furthermore -                                                    XIV.2024.6.

            (a)     contain or be accompanied by such information
14         [ CAP. 590.                     VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS
                           and documentation, in addition to those required by this
                           article, as the competent authority may require or as may be
                           prescribed;

                                 (b)     be verified in the manner and to the extent
                           required by the competent authority, or as may be prescribed;

                                 (c)     contain the address in Malta for service on the
                           applicant of any notice or other document required or
                           authorised to be served on it by or under this Act;

                                  (d)     be accompanied by a programme of operations
                           setting out the systems, security access protocols and any other
                           matters as may be required to be set out by the competent
                           authority from time to time; and

                                 (e)     be accompanied by such fee as may be
                           prescribed in respect of the licence applied for, which fee shall
                           not be refundable.

                           (2) An application for a licence under this Act may only be
                     withdrawn by written notice to the competent authority at a time
                     before it has been granted or refused.

Where the                   15. (1)       The competent authority may grant or refuse to
competent
authority may
                     grant a licence applied for under this Act:
grant or refuse to
grant a licence.                   Provided that the competent authority shall only grant a
                     licence upon being satisfied that the conditions laid down in this
                     article have been met and such licence may be general or may be
                     restricted to particular specified VFA services.

                            (2) The conditions referred to in sub-article (1) shall consist
                     of the following and shall be satisfied on an ongoing basis:

                                 (a)      the applicant is a fit and proper person to provide
                           the VFA services concerned and that the applicant will comply
                           with and observe the requirements of this Act and any
                           regulations made and rules issued thereunder and which are
                           applicable to it;

                                 (b)      where the applicant is a natural person, such
                           person is resident in Malta;

                                 (c)     where the applicant is a legal person:

                                         (i)   it is constituted either in Malta, in
                                    accordance with the laws of Malta, or in a recognised
                                    jurisdiction:

                                               Provided that where the applicant is
                                    constituted in a recognised jurisdiction, it shall abide
              VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS                              [ CAP. 590.   15

               with any local presence requirements prescribed or as
               may be prescribed; and

                    (ii) its purposes or objects are limited to acting
               as a licence holder and carrying on activities ancillary
               or incidental thereto, and do not include purposes or
               objects which are not compatible with the VFA
               services of a licence holder.

                         For the purposes of this sub-paragraph, a
               purpose or object referring to any activity that
               requires any kind of authorisation whatsoever by the
               competent authority under any Maltese law, other
               than this Act, shall be deemed to be incompatible
               with the VFA services of a licence holder:

                         Provided that where a licence holder
               proposes to engage in business activities which are
               not listed in the Second Schedule and are not
               compatible within the meaning of this sub-paragraph,
               the licence holder shall be required to establish a
               separate entity; and

                   (iii) its actual activities are compatible and
               connected with the VFA services of a licence holder.

       (3) (a)       In granting a licence the competent authority
may subject it to such conditions as it may deem appropriate and
having granted a licence it may, from time to time, vary or revoke any
condition so imposed or impose new conditions.

             (b)    For the better carrying out of the provisions of
this Act, the competent authority may, from time to time, issue and
publish rules which shall be binding on licence holders and others as
may be specified therein. Such rules may lay down additional
requirements, conditions and, or exemptions in relation to activities
of licence holders and any other matters as the competent authority
may consider appropriate:

              Provided that different rules may be issued by the
competent authority with respect to different classes or categories of
applications.

       (4) Without prejudice to the generality of sub-articles (1)
and (2), where a VFA exchange is managed or operated by a VFA
exchange operator other than the VFA exchange itself, the competent
authority shall establish by means of rules how the different
obligations are to be allocated between the VFA exchange and the
VFA exchange operator.

      (5)   When considering whether to grant or refuse to grant a
16   [ CAP. 590.                     VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS
              licence the competent authority shall, in particular, have regard to -

                          (a)      the protection of investors and the general
                    public;

                          (b)    the protection of the reputation of Malta taking
                    into account Malta’s international commitments;

                          (c)      the promotion of innovation, competition and
                    choice; and

                           (d)     the reputation and suitability of the applicant and
                    all other parties connected with the applicant.

                     (6) Every licence shall specify the VFA service or services
              which the holder thereof has been licensed to provide and shall state
              the date on which it shall take effect.

                     (7) Without prejudice to the generality of sub-article (2), the
              conditions to which the competent authority shall subject a licence
              may be made applicable, or be prescribed to be applicable, to -

                           (a)     all licences;

                           (b)     certain categories of licences;

                          (c)     all licences granted to certain categories of
                    licence holders;

                          (d)      all licences in relation to particular VFA
                    services.

                     (8) Any requirement in this Act that a person be a fit and
              proper person to carry out certain activities or functions shall be
              interpreted as a requirement not only that such person be a fit and
              proper person to carry out such activities or functions, but also that
              any beneficial owner, qualifying holder, member of the board of
              administration and any other person who will effectively direct the
              business of the licence holder be a fit and proper person to carry out
              such activities or functions.

                     (9) Where a licence holder proposes to engage in business
              activities not listed in the Second Schedule but compatible within the
              meaning of sub-article (2)(c)(ii), the competent authority may require
              the establishment of a separate entity, where the proposed activities
              may in the opinion of the competent authority impair or threaten to
              impair either the financial soundness of the licence holder or the
              ability of the competent authority to monitor the licence holder’s
              compliance with all the obligations laid down in this Act or any
              regulations and rules issued thereunder.
              VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS                              [ CAP. 590.           17

       16. (1)       The competent authority shall establish a public     Register of licence
                                                                          holders.
register of all licence holders. This register shall also indicate the
VFA services in relation to which each licence was issued.

      (2) Such register shall be publicly available for
consultation, shall be accessible online and shall be updated on a
regular basis.

      17. The competent authority shall refuse to grant a licence         Where the
                                                                          competent
under this Act in any of the following instances:                         authority shall
                                                                          refuse to grant a
            (a)     if the application is not submitted in accordance     licence.
      with the established form or in accordance with applicable
      procedure; or

            (b)     if the applicable fees have not been paid; or

            (c)      if the competent authority, in its reasonable
      discretion, is not satisfied that the applicant and all relevant
      persons mentioned in article 15(8) are fit and proper; or

             (d)    if it transpires that any information or
      submission made to the competent authority is materially
      false, misleading, inaccurate or incomplete; or

            (e)      if the competent authority, in its reasonable
      discretion, is not satisfied that -

                   (i)   the applicant has sound and prudent
               management, robust administration arrangements and
               adequate internal control or security mechanisms:

                        Provided      that    such     arrangements,
               procedures and mechanisms shall be comprehensive
               and proportionate to the nature, scale and complexity
               of the VFA services to be provided by the applicant;
               or

                   (ii) where there are close links between the
               applicant and another person or persons, such links
               will not through any law, regulation, administrative
               provision or in any other manner prevent it from
               exercising effective supervision of that applicant
               under the provisions of this Act or any rule:

                         Provided that the competent authority may
               from time to time, by means of rules issued under this
               Act define the circumstances in which "close links"
               are to be regarded as existing between any two or
               more persons; or

                   (iii) the   applicant   will   comply    with    all
18           [ CAP. 590.                    VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS
                                     regulatory requirements applicable to licence holders
                                     of the relevant category, including those listed in
                                     article 23, and with any additional requirements that
                                     the competent authority considers necessary; or

                                         (iv) that the VFA service or services being
                                     proposed is compliant with any law, regulations or
                                     rules in force; or

                                  (f)      if the competent authority, in its reasonable
                            discretion, believes that granting a licence to the applicant may
                            pose a risk to investors, the general public, the reputation of
                            Malta or the promotion of innovation, competition and choice;
                            or

                                 (g)     if sufficient information as requested by the
                            competent authority has not been provided.

Burden of proof.            18.   The burden of proving -

                                  (a)    the person’s qualification to hold a licence or to
                            continue holding a licence; and, or

                                   (b)     the determination in terms of the proviso to
                            article 13(1),

                      shall rest at all times on the applicant or the licence holder, as the
                      case may be.

Revocable                    19. The granting of a licence is a concession and a revocable
privilege.            privilege, and no holder thereof shall be deemed to have acquired any
                      vested rights therein or thereunder.

Assignment and              20. A licence granted by the competent authority under this
transferability.
                      Act or a qualifying holding or beneficial ownership in a licence
                      holder may not be assigned or transferred in any way whatsoever to
                      any other person without the prior written consent of the competent
                      authority, and any such assignment or transfer to any other person
                      without the competent authority’s consent shall be considered null
                      and void and constitute sufficient grounds for the competent authority
                      to cancel that licence.

Power of                     21. (1)       The competent authority may at any time cancel
competent             or suspend a licence in accordance with the provisions of this Act.
authority to cancel
or suspend
licences.                  (2) Without prejudice to the generality of sub-article (1), the
                      competent authority may cancel or suspend a licence -

                                  (a)      if it considers that the holder thereof is not a fit
                            and proper person to provide the VFA service he is authorised
                            to provide; or
              VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS                              [ CAP. 590.   19

             (b)     if it considers that the holder thereof does not
      fulfil the requirements of, or has contravened, any of the
      provisions of this Act or of any regulations made or rules
      issued thereunder, or has failed to satisfy or comply with any
      obligation or condition to which he or the licence is subject by
      virtue of or under this Act; or

             (c)    if the competent authority has been furnished by
      or on behalf of the licence holder with information which is
      false, inaccurate or misleading, or if the licence holder has
      obtained the licence by making false statements or by any
      other irregular means; or

            (d)     if the licence holder has not commenced to
      provide the VFA service he has been authorised to provide
      within twelve months from the date of issue of the licence or
      has ceased to provide such VFA service; or

            (e)      if it considers it desirable to cancel or suspend
      the licence for the protection of investors and the general
      public, and the reputation of Malta taking into account Malta’s
      international commitments; or

             (f)     at the request of the licence holder; or

             (g)     if the licence holder is declared bankrupt or goes
      into liquidation or makes a composition with its creditors or is
      otherwise dissolved; or

             (h)    if the licence holder has ceased to operate as a
      result of a merger with another licence holder; or

             (i)   in any of the circumstances under which the
      competent authority would have been precluded from issuing
      the licence under this Act or where under this Act it would
      have been entitled to refuse the grant of such licence; or

            (j)     after proper communication and investigation, at
      the written request of another competent regulatory authority
      which is carrying regulatory functions in relation to the
      relevant licence holder.

       (3) The competent authority, where so required, shall notify
the appropriate ESA and any other competent regulatory authority
which is carrying out regulatory functions in relation to the relevant
licence holder of any cancellation of a licence in terms of sub-article
(1).
20         [ CAP. 590.                     VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS
Notification of            22.   (1)     Where the competent authority proposes -
proposed refusal,
variation,
cancellation or                  (a)      to vary any condition to which the licence is
suspension of a            subject or to impose a condition thereon; or
licence.

                                 (b)     to refuse an application for a licence or to cancel
                           or suspend a licence,

                    it shall give the applicant or the licence holder, as the case may be,
                    notice in writing of its intention to do so, setting out the reasons for
                    the decision it proposes to take.

                           (2) Every notice given under sub-article (1) shall state that
                    the recipient of the notice may, within such reasonable period after
                    the service thereof as may be stated in the notice, make
                    representations in writing to the competent authority giving reasons
                    why the proposed decision should not be taken, and the competent
                    authority shall consider any representation so made before arriving at
                    a final decision.

                           (3) The competent authority shall as soon as practicable
                    notify its final decision in writing to any of the persons to whom
                    notice is to be given under sub-article (1).

                                                   PART V

                         Board of Administration and Obligations of Licence Holders

Applicable                 23. (1)      Licence holders shall comply with and observe
requirements and    any applicable regulations made and rules issued under this Act,
compliance with
the Prevention of   including with reference to prudential requirements, and shall be
Money Laundering    considered as subject persons.
Act.

                                 For the purposes of this sub-article, the term "prudential
                    requirements" shall include requirements on administration,
                    compliance, risk management, systems and security access protocols,
                    financial resources, capital adequacy, professional indemnity
                    insurance and any other related requirements included in the
                    regulations made or rules issued under this Act.

                           (2) Without prejudice to the generality of sub-article (1), a
                    licence holder shall ensure that all of its systems and security access
                    protocols are maintained at all times to appropriate high standards.

Board of                   24.   (1)     The licence holder shall ensure that -
administration.
                                  (a)     members of its board of administration shall at
                           all times be of sufficient good repute, possess sufficient
                           collective knowledge, skills and experience and commit
                           sufficient time to perform their duties and be able to
                           understand the licence holder’s activities, including the main
                           risks. In this regard, the licence holder shall devote adequate
              VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS                               [ CAP. 590.          21

      human and financial resources to the induction and training of
      members of its board of administration;

             (b)     the number of positions as administrator which
      may be held by a member of its board of administration at the
      same time shall take into account individual circumstances and
      the nature, scale and complexity of the licence holder’s
      activities; and

             (c)    each member of its board of administration shall
      act with honesty, integrity and independence of mind to
      effectively assess and challenge the decisions of the senior
      management where necessary and to effectively oversee and
      monitor management decision-making.

       (2) The board of administration of the licence holder, or the
licence holder itself in the case of an individual, shall be vested with
the responsibility to abide by all requirements under this Act and any
regulations made and rules issued thereunder:

              Provided that the board of administration or the licence
holder itself, as applicable, shall not be held responsible when they
prove that they have acted in good faith pursuant to their fiduciary
obligations and in terms of applicable legislation.

        25. (1)      The licence holder shall provide the competent        Changes of
                                                                           information.
authority with particulars in writing of any changes in the
information provided under this Act as soon as such licence holder
becomes aware of such changes and shall notify the competent
authority, on a continuous basis, of any changes or circumstances
which give rise to the existence of close links within the meaning in
article 17(e).

       (2) Notwithstanding the generality of sub-article (1), any
substitutions or amendments which refer to upgrades, maintenance,
innovative evolution or mere replacement of operating systems shall
be notified to the competent authority where they have, or have the
potential to have, a material impact on investors or they are not in any
manner in accordance with any provision of this Act:

             Provided that the competent authority may issue rules in
terms of article 15(3)(b) in order to prescribe mandatory notification
in general or provide guidelines in particular cases.

       26. Every licence holder shall pay to the competent                 Payment of fees.
authority such periodic fee, and within such time, as may from time
to time be prescribed.

      27. (1)       Licence holders shall act honestly, fairly and         Fiduciary
professionally and shall comply with the requirements laid down in         obligations.
this Act and any regulations made and rules issued thereunder, as
well as with other legal and regulatory requirements as may be
22         [ CAP. 590.                     VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS
                     applicable.

                           (2) A licence holder shall be subject to fiduciary obligations
Cap. 16.
                     as established in the Civil Code, in so far as applicable.

Participation in a          28. (1)       Notwithstanding anything contained in any other
licence holder,
mergers,
                     law, the consent of the competent authority given in writing shall be
reconstructions,     required before a person may lawfully -
divisions and
changes in capital
or voting rights.                (a)      acquire, directly or indirectly, a qualifying
                           holding in a licence holder;

                                 (b)   increase, directly or indirectly, an existing
                           holding which is not a qualifying holding so as to cause it to
                           become a qualifying holding in a licence holder;

                                  (c)     further increase, directly or indirectly, such
                           qualifying holding in a licence holder as a result of which the
                           proportion of the voting rights or of the capital held would
                           reach or exceed twenty per cent (20%), thirty per cent (30%)
                           or fifty per cent (50%) or so, so that the licence holder, where a
                           company, would become its subsidiary;

                                 (d)      dispose, directly or indirectly, of a qualifying
                           holding in a licence holder;

                                 (e)     reduce, directly or indirectly, a qualifying
                           holding so as to cause it to cease to be a qualifying holding; or

                                 (f)     reduce, directly or indirectly, a qualifying
                           holding so that the proportion of the voting rights or of the
                           capital held would fall below twenty per cent (20%), thirty per
                           cent (30%) or fifty per cent (50%) or so, so that the licence
                           holder, where a company, would cease to be its subsidiary.

                           (2) Without prejudice to the other provisions of this Act and
                     notwithstanding anything contained in any other law, and without
                     prejudice to sub-article (1), the consent of the competent authority
                     given in writing shall be required before a licence holder may
                     lawfully -

                                  (a)    sell or dispose of its business or any significant
                           part thereof;

                                 (b)     merge with any other company, whether licensed
                           under this Act or not:

                                        Provided that for the purposes of this sub-article,
                           no merger with a company that requires registration or any
                           other kind of authorisation whatsoever by the competent
                           authority under any Maltese law, other than this Act, or which
                           holds any other equivalent authorisation by a European or
              VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS                                [ CAP. 590.   23

       overseas regulatory authority shall be permissible under this
       Act;

             (c)     undergo any reconstruction or division; or

             (d)    increase or reduce its capital or effect any
       material change in voting rights.

      (3) It shall be the duty of all members of the board of
administration of a licence holder to notify the competent authority
immediately upon becoming aware that such person or licence holder
intends to take any of the actions set out in sub-articles (1) and (2).

      (4) Upon receipt of such notification or receipt of such
information as the competent authority may lawfully require,
whichever is the later, the competent authority shall issue a notice -

             (a)      granting unconditional consent to the taking of
       the action; or

             (b)    granting consent to the taking of the action
       subject to such conditions as the competent authority may
       deem appropriate; or

               (c)     refusing consent to the taking of the action, and
       if it refuses to grant consent, it shall inform the person or the
       licence holder concerned in writing for the reason for its
       refusal.

       (5) In assessing the notification and the information referred
to in this article, the competent authority shall, in order to ensure the
sound and prudent management of the licence holder in which an
acquisition is proposed, and having regard to the likely influence of
the proposed acquirer on the licence holder, assess the suitability of
the proposed acquirer and the financial soundness of the proposed
acquisition in accordance with the following criteria:

             (a)     the reputation of the proposed acquirer;

             (b)     the reputation, knowledge, skills and experience,
       as set out in article 24(1)(a), of any member of the board of
       directors and any member of senior management who will
       direct the business of the licence holder as a result of the
       proposed acquisition;

             (c)     the financial soundness of the proposed acquirer,
       in particular in relation to the type of business pursued and
       envisaged in the licence holder in which the acquisition is
       proposed;

            (d)  whether the licence holder will be able to
       comply and continue to comply with the prudential
24        [ CAP. 590.                    VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS
                         requirements based on this Act and any regulations made and
                         rules issued thereunder and, where applicable, other European
                         Union laws, including whether the group of which it will
                         become a part has a structure that makes it possible to exercise
                         effective supervision, effectively exchange information among
                         the competent authority and the overseas regulatory authorities
                         and determine the allocation of responsibilities among the
                         competent authority and the overseas regulatory authorities;

                                (e)    whether there are reasonable grounds to suspect
                         that, in connection with the proposed acquisition, money
                         laundering or terrorist financing within the meaning of Article
                         1 of Directive 2015/849/EU is being or has been committed or
                         attempted, or that the proposed acquisition could increase the
                         risk thereof.

                         (6) If any person or any licence holder takes or decides to
                   take any action set out in sub-article (1) or (2) without obtaining the
                   consent of the competent authority, then, without prejudice to any
                   other penalty which may be imposed under this Act, the competent
                   authority shall have the power to make an order:

                               (a)     restraining such person or licence holder from
                         taking, or continuing with, such action;

                                (b)     declaring such action to be null and void;

                               (c)     requiring such person or licence holder to take
                         such steps as may be necessary to restore the position existing
                         immediately before the action was taken;

                               (d)    restraining such person or licence holder from
                         exercising any rights which such action would, if lawful, have
                         conferred upon them; or

                               (e)      restraining such person or licence holder from
                         taking any similar action or any other action within the
                         categories set out in sub-articles (1) and (2).

Advertisements.           29. (1)       No person, other than licence holders, may issue
                   or cause to be issued an advertisement relating to a VFA service in or
                   from within Malta unless its contents have been vetted and approved
                   by the licence holder’s board of administration.

                          (2) The competent authority may, from time to time, issue
                   such rules or directives to licence holders as it may consider
                   appropriate in order to set minimum standards and requirements
                   which are to be observed by licence holders when issuing or
                   approving advertisements in accordance with sub-article (1). Such
                   rules or directives may also include provision for such exemptions or
                   conditions as may be specified therein and may make different
              VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS                              [ CAP. 590.              25

provision for different cases or classes of cases, under such terms and
conditions as may be prescribed.

       (3) The competent authority may impose such conditions,
limitations and restrictions on a licence holder with respect to the
issue or approval of advertisements, as it may consider appropriate.

       30. Where the licence holder maintains a website, the person       Website.
responsible for the licence holder’s compliance function shall ensure
that its homepage at least contains such information and in such
format as may be required by the competent authority by means of
rules issued under this Act.

      31. Notwithstanding any investigation provided for in this          VFA licence
Act, where a VFA licence holder considers that it is likely to become     holders unable to
                                                                          meet obligations.
unable to meet its obligations, it shall immediately inform the
competent authority in writing.

       32. Without prejudice to any other obligations imposed             Certificate of
                                                                          compliance.
under this Act, a licence holder shall be required to submit to the
competent authority on an annual basis a certificate of compliance in
the form and manner required by the competent authority confirming
the licence holder’s compliance with all the obligations laid down in
this Act or any regulations made and rules issued thereunder during
the period concerned:

             Provided that in the event of a breach of any provision of
this Act, regulations made or rules issued thereunder, the licence
holder shall include the particular breach and any other additional
information as may be required by the competent authority in the
compliance certificate:

             Provided further that, where the licence holder is an
individual, the licence holder itself shall be required to submit the
compliance certificate to the competent authority.

                              PART VI

                    Prevention of Market Abuse

       33. The prohibitions and requirements laid down in this Part       Scope and
shall apply to acts carried out by any person in Malta or outside         jurisdiction.
Malta, as prescribed or as may be prescribed by or under this Act or
regulations made or rules issued thereunder, concerning virtual
financial assets that are admitted to trading on a VFA exchange, or
for which a request for admission to trading on such VFA exchange
has been made.

        34. (1)        Insider dealing, recommending or inducing          Prohibition of
                                                                          insider dealing.
another person to engage in insider dealing, as referred to in this
article, shall constitute an offence when committed intentionally.
26         [ CAP. 590.                       VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS
                              (2) It shall also be an offence to attempt to commit any of
                       the offences referred to in sub-article (1).

                              (3) Inciting, aiding or abetting any of the offences referred
                       to in sub-article (1) shall also amount to an offence.

                              (4) For the purposes of sub-article (1), insider dealing arises
                       where a person possesses inside information and uses that
                       information by acquiring or disposing of, for its own account or for
                       the account of a third party, directly or indirectly, virtual financial
                       assets to which that information relates.

                             (5) For the purposes of sub-article (1), recommending that
                       another person engage in insider dealing, or inducing another person
                       to engage in insider dealing, arises where the person possesses inside
                       information and:

                                    (a)    recommends, on the basis of that information,
                             that another person acquire or dispose of virtual financial
                             assets to which that information relates, or induces that person
                             to make such an acquisition or disposal; or

                                   (b)     recommends, on the basis of that information,
                             that another person cancels or amends an order concerning a
                             virtual financial asset to which that information relates, or
                             induces that person to make such a cancellation or amendment:

                                    Provided that the use of the recommendations or
                       inducements amounts to insider dealing where the person using the
                       recommendation or inducement knows that it is based upon inside
                       information.

                              (6) The provisions of this article apply to any person in the
                       situations or circumstances prescribed or as may be prescribed.

Prohibition of                35. (1)    Unlawful disclosure of inside information shall
unlawful
disclosure of inside   also constitute an offence under this Act when committed
information.           intentionally.

                              (2) Inciting, aiding or abetting the offence referred to in
                       sub-article (1) shall also amount to an offence.

                              (3) For the purposes of this article, unlawful disclosure of
                       inside information arises where a person possesses inside information
                       and discloses that information to any other person, except in cases
                       where such disclosure is permitted pursuant to any provisions of this
                       Act, regulations made or rules issued thereunder.

                              (4) The provisions of this article apply to any person in the
                       situations or circumstances prescribed or as may be prescribed.

                             (5)    For the purposes of this Act, the onward disclosure of
              VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS                               [ CAP. 590.           27

recommendations or inducements referred to in article 34(5) amounts
to unlawful disclosure of inside information where the person
disclosing the recommendation or inducement knows that it was
based on inside information.

       (6) This article shall be applied in accordance with the laws
of the freedom of the press and the freedom of expression.

        36. (1)        Market manipulation, as referred to in this        Prohibition of
                                                                          market
article, shall constitute an offence in severe cases or when committed    manipulation.
intentionally.

       (2) It shall also be an offence to attempt to commit any of
the offences referred to in sub-article (1).

       (3) Inciting, aiding or abetting the offence referred to in
sub-article (1) shall also amount to an offence.

       (4) For the purposes of this article, "market manipulation"
means the manipulation or attempted manipulation of a virtual
financial asset or a benchmark through the employment of an abusive
strategy that may be carried out by any available means of trading or
other means, as prescribed or as may be prescribed.

       37. Without prejudice to any other obligations under this          Detection and
                                                                          report on market
Act, regulations made or rules issued thereunder, a VFA exchange          abuse.
shall have in place effective systems, procedures and arrangements to
monitor and detect market abuse and where it suspects that there may
exist circumstances to indicate that any violation of the provisions
under this Part may have been committed, is being committed or is
likely in the circumstances to be committed, it shall immediately
report such suspicion to the competent authority.

                               PART VII

                  Regulatory and Investigatory Powers

       38. (1)      The Minister, acting on the advice of the             Minister’s power
competent authority, may make regulations to give effect to the           to make
                                                                          regulations.
provisions of this Act, and without prejudice to the generality of the    Amended by:
foregoing may, by such regulations, in particular, do any of the          XIV.2024.7.
following:

            (a)       amend the definitions contained in this Act;

            (b)     regulate the activities of issuers and licence
      holders, as well as services provided and activities carried on
      in conjunction therewith or in relation thereto; provide for any
      matter he may deem expedient including the creation and
      exercise of rights by or for the benefit of the public, the
      imposition of duties and obligations on the issuers, licence
      holders or persons responsible for the management or
28   [ CAP. 590.                   VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS
                   administration thereof, the regulation of branches established
                   by licence holders, outsourcing or agency arrangements and of
                   any fees and, or any other charges imposed directly or
                   indirectly on investors; prescribe investment restrictions
                   applicable to retail investors investing or wishing to invest, as
                   applicable, in virtual financial assets, and for the purpose of
                   this paragraph "retail investor" shall mean an investor who is
                   considered to be a retail client in terms of Article 4(11) of
                   MiFID but shall exclude any retail client who may be treated
                   as professional on request within the meaning of Annex II to
                   MiFID; provide for the safekeeping and custody of the
                   cryptographic keys and for the requirement to appoint a
                   custodian, and prescribe and regulate in the most extensive
                   manner the functions, duties, responsibilities and obligations
                   of the custodian, and for the purpose of this paragraph
                   "custodian" shall include a sub-custodian; require the keeping
                   of records with respect to the transactions and financial
                   position of issuers and licence holders and for the inspection of
                   those records, and prescribe reporting and disclosure
                   requirements, including the preparation of periodical reports
                   and the furnishing of those reports to investors, unitholders
                   and to others;

                          (c)     establish schemes or other arrangements for the
                   compensation of investors in cases where licence holders or
                   any categories thereof as may be specified, are unable to
                   satisfy their obligations towards investors or claims in respect
                   of any liability incurred by them in connection with the
                   carrying out of any activity in regard to which they are
                   licensed, and to regulate the management and the financing of
                   any such schemes or arrangements, and the contributions and
                   levies to be paid thereto, to set the minimum and maximum
                   levels of compensation payable thereunder and may under
                   such schemes and arrangements distinguish between different
                   classes of investors and exclude certain classes from
                   compensation, and to make provision for the regulation of and
                   for any other aspect related to such schemes or arrangements
                   and may moreover provide that such schemes or arrangements
                   as may be prescribed shall have a legal personality distinct
                   from that of the contributors thereto and of the competent
                   authority and provide for the judicial and legal representation
                   thereof; and such schemes shall be exempt from the payment
                   of income tax as from the date of establishment of such
                   schemes;

                         (d)     define the criteria for determining whether a
                   holding is an indirect holding for the purposes of determining
                   whether a qualifying holding exists;

                         (e)     define the criteria for determining whether the
       VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS                               [ CAP. 590.   29

systems and security access protocols of issuers, applicants or
licence holders, as applicable, meet or are maintained to the
appropriate high international standards that may be
established from time to time;

      (f)     regulate the promotion or sale by or on behalf of
any issuer or licence holder, and by any means, of an initial
virtual financial asset offering or of a VFA service or of any
DLT asset, including the criteria and procedures for the
granting or refusing of consent by the competent authority
pursuant to the provisions of article 30;

      (g)     amend the provisions of article 50 on the
circumstances in which auditors are obliged to communicate
information to the competent authority, to prescribe
regulations governing the disclosure by auditors of
information pursuant to article 50 and to establish supervisory
and disciplinary procedures for auditors in respect of their
duties under the provisions of article 50;

       (h)     regulate    the    drawing-up,       registration,
publication and distribution in Malta of whitepapers relating to
offerings, admission or trading of virtual financial assets on a
VFA exchange where the respective issuer’s head office is
located in a country outside Malta and to make provision for
the recognition of such whitepapers taking into account the
obligations emanating from European legislation or Malta’s
international commitments;

      (i)    provide for and regulate the payment by any
person of registration, licence or other fees and such other
charges payable to the competent authority in respect of any
matter provided for, by or under this Act or any regulations
made under this article, as may be prescribed;

      (j)    exempt any issuer, licence holder or any other
person, VFA service, DLT asset, whitepaper or advertisement
from any one or more of the provisions of this Act subject to
such variations, additions, adaptations and modifications as
may be prescribed and subject to such conditions or other
requirements, including other forms of registration,
authorisation and notification procedures, as may be
prescribed;

      (k)     establish prudential requirements for licence
holders; regulate the supervision on a consolidated basis,
provide for the consultation, co-ordination, co-operation and
the sharing and exchange of information with national,
European and other third country regulatory authorities as may
be necessary; provide for the exchange of information with the
ESRB, central banks which are members of the European
30        [ CAP. 590.                   VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS
                        System of Central Banks, including the Central Bank of Malta,
                        exchange of information with ESAs and exchange of
                        information with other departments of government
                        administrations in other Member States responsible for the law
                        on the supervision of institutions, financial institutions and
                        insurance undertakings and with inspectors acting on behalf of
                        those departments as may be necessary; provide for the
                        establishment of colleges of supervisors; provide for the
                        exercise of powers by the competent authority on issuers and
                        licence holders, or their effective managers; provide for the
                        establishment and imposition of administrative penalties on
                        issuers, licence holders or others as specified therein or other
                        measures for the contravention of any of the regulations, and
                        to provide for appeals therefrom to the Tribunal or any other
                        tribunal that he may prescribe; provide for the obligations of
                        the competent authority to report to the ESAs and the
                        European Commission as may be required and specified in the
                        said regulations;

                              (l)    provide for reporting and other requirements and
                        conditions which a person must satisfy, on a continuing and
                        ongoing basis and to establish the circumstances and the
                        manner in which requirements and conditions may be varied,
                        suspended or revoked;

                              (m)     establish centralised or decentralised data

                       repositories or other arrangements for the collection,
                       recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or

                       alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by
                       transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available,

                       alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction,
                       in accordance with European legislation, of such information

                       and documentation as may be required by subject persons to
                       fulfil their customer due diligence requirements provided for

S.L. 373.01.            under the Prevention of Money Laundering and Funding of
                        Terrorism Regulations; and to make provision for the
                        regulation of and for any other aspect related to such data
                        repositories or arrangements and may moreover provide that
                        such data repositories or arrangements as may be prescribed
                        shall have a legal personality distinct from that of the subject
                        persons thereto and of the competent authority and provide for
                        the judicial and legal representation thereof;

                               (n)    in consultation with the competent authority,
                        amend the Second Schedule in order to include any services
                        which relate to virtual financial assets and which are not listed
                        in the said Second Schedule and make regulations relative
                        thereto;

                              (o)    transpose, implement and give effect to the
                        provisions and requirements of Directives, Regulations and
              VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS                              [ CAP. 590.   31

      any other legislative measures of the European Union
      requiring transposition and, or implementation, as they may be
      amended from time to time, including any implementing
      measures that may be issued thereunder and relating to DLT
      assets, issuers, licence holders and others as may be specified
      therein; regulations made under this paragraph, and strictly
      related to transposition or implementation as aforesaid, may
      provide that any provision of this Act or of any other law shall
      not apply to matters falling under the regulations, and that in
      so far as any of the provisions of the regulations are
      inconsistent with the provisions of this Act or of any other law,
      such provisions in any such regulations shall prevail;

           (p)     provide for arrangements for the investigation of
      complaints about issuers or licence holders;

            (q)     prescribe anything that is to be or which may be
      prescribed;

            (r)     provide for any matter incidental to or connected
      with any of the above.

       (2) Regulations made under this article may also contain
provisions for enabling a person who has entered, or offered to enter,
into a VFA agreement with a licence holder to rescind the agreement
or withdraw the offer within such period and in such manner as may
be prescribed, and in particular, but without prejudice to the
generality of the foregoing, may make provision -

             (a)    for requiring the service of notice with respect to
      the rights exercisable under the regulations;

            (b)    for the restitution of assets and the making or
      recovery of payments where those rights are exercised;

           (c)     for such other matters as are incidental to or
      connected with any of the above.

      (3) Regulations made under this article, may be made
subject to such exemptions or conditions as may be specified therein,
may make different provision for different cases, circumstances or
purposes and may give to the competent authority such powers of
adaptation of the regulations as may also be so specified.

        (4) Where regulations have been made in terms of this
article, the competent authority may issue rules within the meaning of
article 15 for the better carrying out and to better implement the
provisions of the regulations.

      (5)   Regulations made under this article may impose:

            (a)     administrative penalties which may not exceed
32         [ CAP. 590.                        VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS
                              one hundred and fifty thousand euro (€150,000) for each
                              infringement or failure to comply, as the case may be;

                                    (b)     punishments or other penalties in respect of any
                              contravention or failure of compliance not exceeding a fine
                              (multa) of fifteen million euro (€15,000,000) or up to three
                              times the profits made or losses avoided by virtue of the
                              offence, whichever is the greater, or to imprisonment for a
                              term not exceeding six years, or both such fine and
                              imprisonment; and

                                     (c)     administrative penalties and fines higher than
                              one hundred and fifty thousand euro (€150,000), where
                              deemed necessary or appropriate for any contravention of or
                              failure of compliance with any EU Directive or EU Regulation
                              or of any regulations made under this article to transpose or to
                              give effect to any EU Directive or EU Regulation.

                             (6) Regulations made under this Act and any amendment or
                       revocation of such regulations, may be published in the English
                       language only.

                              (7) The exercise of any of the powers assigned under this
                       article shall be subject to any obligations or rights arising from
                       Malta’s international commitments.

Power of                     39. (1)        The competent authority may, by notice in
competent
authority to require   writing, require -
information.
Amended by:                        (a)     any person who is or was providing, or who
XIV.2024.8.
                              appears to be or to have been providing a VFA service as well
                              as any persons that control them or are controlled by them;

                                    (b)     any issuer, intermediary involved in the initial
                              VFA offering as well as any persons that control them or are
                              controlled by them;

                                     (c)     any person who has issued, or appears to have
                              issued an advertisement falling within the provisions of
                              articles 6 or 29;

                                    (d)     an auditor of a person regulated under this Act;

                                     (e)     any other person who appears to be in possession
                              of relevant information or documentation,

                       to do all or any of the following:

                                           (i)   to furnish to the competent authority, at
                                       such time and place and in such form as it may
                                       specify, such information and documentation as it
                                       may require, including the power to require existing
              VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS                               [ CAP. 590.   33

                telephone, existing data traffic and existing DLT
                records, with respect to any such service, DLT asset,
                advertisement or website as aforesaid, or with respect
                to any person with whom the licence holder has close
                links within the meaning of article 17;

                    (ii) to review the determination made in terms
                of articles 3 or 13 and confirm in writing the
                competent authority that such determination is true
                and accurate or otherwise;

                    (iii) to furnish to the competent authority any
                information or documentation aforesaid verified in
                such manner as it may specify;

                    (iv) to attend before the competent authority, or
                before a person appointed by it, at such time and
                place as it may specify, to answer questions and
                provide information and documentation with respect
                to any such service, scheme or advertisement as
                aforesaid:

              Provided that the powers in this article shall not permit
the competent authority to demand information about source codes of
any proprietary technology or of information of highly sensitive,
intellectual property which is protected by law and which relates to
innovative DLT or smart contracts.

       (2) Without prejudice to anything which the competent
authority may require under sub-article (1), all information in respect
of virtual financial assets traded on a VFA exchange and held by the
exchange shall be freely accessible to the competent authority:

             Provided that the provisions of this sub-article shall also
be applicable where a virtual financial asset is determined by the
competent authority to be electronic money or a financial instrument
in terms of article 13(2)(b).

     (3) The competent authority may take copies of any
documents furnished or provided under this article.

       (4) Where the person required to provide information or
documentation under this article does not have the relevant
information or documentation, he shall disclose to the competent
authority where, to the best of his knowledge, that information or
documentation is, and the competent authority may require any
person, whether indicated as aforesaid or not, who appears to it to be
in possession of that information or documentation, to provide it.

      (5) A statement made and documentation provided in
pursuance of any requirement under this article may be used in
34          [ CAP. 590.                    VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS
                     evidence against the person making the statement or providing the
                     documentation as well as against any person to whom they relate.

                           (6) The provisions of this article shall not apply to

                    information or documentation which is privileged in accordance with
Cap. 9.              the provisions of article 642(1) of the Criminal Code or which refer
                     to cryptographic keys belonging to the person required to provide
                     information or documentation under this article:

                                  Provided that the provisions of this sub-article shall not
                     apply to the actual information protected by the cryptographic keys.

                           (7) The power to require the production of documentation
                     under the provisions of this article shall be without prejudice to any
                     lien or charge claimed by any person in relation to such
                     documentation.

                            (8) Where the competent authority has appointed a person
                     under article 42(1)(c), such person shall, for the purposes of carrying
                     out his functions under his appointment, have all the powers
                     conferred on the competent authority by this article and a
                     requirement made by it shall be deemed to be and have the same
                     force and effect as a requirement of the competent authority.

                           (9) Without prejudice to the other provisions of this article,
                    a licence holder may be required to submit to the Central Bank of

                    Malta such information as the Bank may reasonably require for the
                    discharge of its duties under the Central Bank of Malta Act.
Cap. 204.

Appointment of              40. (1)      The competent authority may, whenever it
inspectors.         deems it necessary or expedient, appoint an inspector or inspectors to
Amended by:
XIV.2024.9.          investigate and report on the affairs of any issuers or licence holders
                     or any other persons referred to in article 39(1).

                           (2)    An inspector appointed under sub-article (1) -

                                  (a)    may also, if he thinks it necessary or expedient
                           for the purposes of that investigation, investigate the affairs of
                           any person mentioned in sub-article (1);

                                 (b)    shall have and may exercise all the powers
                           conferred on the competent authority by article 39, and any
                           requirement made by it shall be deemed to be and have the
                           same force and effect as a requirement of the competent
                           authority;

                                  (c)     may, and if so directed by the competent
                           authority shall, make interim reports and on the conclusion of
                           his investigation shall make a final report to the said authority.

                            (3) The competent authority shall have power to order that
                     all expenses of, and incidental to, an investigation pursuant to this
              VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS                               [ CAP. 590.            35

article be paid by the persons concerned.

       (4) For the purposes of this article, an inspector shall be a
person considered by the competent authority as possessing suitable
expertise to exercise such function.

       41. (1)        Without prejudice to any of the powers               Power to issue
                                                                           directives.
conferred on it by articles 39 and 40, the competent authority may,        Amended by:
whenever it deems it necessary, and whether upon a report by an            XIV.2024.9.
inspector appointed under article 40 or not, give, by notice in writing,
such directives as it may deem appropriate in the circumstances; and
any person as is referred to in article 39(1) to whom the notice is
given shall obey, comply with and otherwise give effect to any such
directive within the time and in the manner stated in the directive or
further directive.

       (2) Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing
provisions of this article, a directive under this article may -

            (a)     require anything to be done or be omitted to be
      done, or impose any prohibition, restriction or limitation, or
      any other requirement, including any requirement emanating
      from European Union legislation, and confer powers, with
      respect to any offering or trading of DLT assets, VFA service,
      transaction or other act, or to any assets, or to any other thing
      whatsoever;

             (b)    require that any person having functions in
      relation to the issuer or licence holder be prohibited,
      temporarily or otherwise, suspended from carrying out
      activities under this Act, or removed and replaced by another
      person acceptable to the competent authority;

            (c)     require an issuer, licence holder or any person
      who is or was, or who appears to be or to have been
      undertaking an activity or providing a service regulated under
      this Act to cease operations and to wind up its affairs, in
      accordance with such procedures and directions as may be
      specified in the directive, which may provide for the
      appointment of a person to take possession and control of all
      documents, records and assets belonging to or in the
      possession or control of the issuer, licence holder or such other
      person;

            (d)      require a licence holder to submit a financial
      recovery plan, as may be determined in the rules, if it
      considers that the interests of investors, consumers, creditors
      or other interested persons are likely to be prejudiced owing to
      a deterioration in the financial position of the licence holder;

             (e)     require the removal of a virtual financial asset
36          [ CAP. 590.                        VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS
                               from trading on a VFA exchange or the suspension of trading
                               in such virtual financial asset:

                                              Provided that the provisions of this paragraph
                               shall also be applicable where a virtual financial asset is
                               determined by the competent authority to be electronic money
                               or a financial instrument in terms of article 13(2)(b);

                                     (f)     request any person to take steps to reduce the
                               size of the position or exposure:

                                      Provided that in applying the provisions of paragraph
                        (c), the competent authority may also appoint a competent person to
                        act as liquidator for the purposes of winding up the affairs of an
                        issuer or licence holder under this Act; and such person shall be the
                        liquidator of the issuer or licence holder for all purposes of law to the
                        exclusion of any other person.

                               (3) The power to give directives under this article shall
                        include the power to vary, alter, add to or withdraw any directive, as
                        well as the power to issue new or further directives.

                               (4) Where the competent authority is satisfied that the
                        circumstances so warrant, it may at any time make public any
                        directive it has given under any of the provisions of this article.

Power of the                   42. (1)       Without prejudice to the powers conferred to the
competent               competent authority under this Act, the competent authority may,
authority to protect
the public interest.   where it is satisfied that sufficient circumstances exist, proceed to
Amended by:            take any one or more of the following measures:
XIV.2024.11.

                                     (a)     appoint a person to advise the issuer or licence
                               holder in the proper conduct of their business;

                                     (b)       appoint a person to take charge of the assets of
                               the issuer or licence holder, or any portion of them, for the
                               purposes of safeguarding the interests of investors, consumers,
                               creditors or, if any, unitholders, of the issuer or licence holder;

                                     (c)     appoint a person to assume control of the
                               business of the issuer or licence holder, either to carry on that
                               business or to carry out such other function or functions in
                               respect of such business, or part thereof, as the competent
                               authority may direct;

                                     (d)      fix the remuneration to be paid by the issuer or
                               licence holder to any person appointed under article 41 or
                               under this article;

                                      (e)    do such other act as it may deem appropriate in
                               the circumstances to give better effect to the implementation
                               of the provisions of this article,
              VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS                                [ CAP. 590.   37

and, having adopted any one or more of the measures aforesaid, the
competent authority may further proceed in any one or more such
measures, whether in addition thereto or in substitution therefor.

      (2)    Where a person is appointed by the competent authority-

             (a)     under sub-article (1)(a), it shall be the duty of
      the issuer or licence holder, as applicable, to act in accordance
      with the advice given by such person unless and until the
      competent authority, on representation made to it, directs
      otherwise;

            (b)      under sub-article (1)(b), the issuer or licence
      holder, as applicable, shall deliver to such person all the assets,
      whether movable or immovable, of which he is placed in
      charge, and all the powers, functions and duties of the said
      issuer or licence holder in respect of those assets, including, if
      such issuer or licence holder is a legal person, those
      exercisable by the legal person in a general meeting, or by the
      members of the board of administration, or by any other
      person, including the legal and judicial representation of such
      legal person, shall be exercisable by and vest in the person
      appointed under the said paragraph to the exclusion of any
      other person;

             (c)     under sub-article (1)(c), the issuer or licence
      holder, as applicable, shall submit its business to the control of
      such person and shall provide such person with such facilities
      as may be required to carry on that business or to carry out the
      functions assigned to such person under the said paragraph;
      and all the powers, functions and duties of the said issuer or
      licence holder, including, if such issuer or licence holder is a
      legal person, those exercisable by the legal person in a general
      meeting, or by the members of the board of administration, or
      by any other person, including the legal and judicial
      representation of such legal person in all matters, shall be
      exercisable by and vest in such person to the exclusion of any
      other person.

       (3) The competent authority may, where it feels it is in the
best interest of the public so to do, make or issue public statements or
notices giving warnings or information about any measure taken in
terms of this article.

       (4) The competent authority may require the issuer or
licence holder concerned to pay all the expenses of, and incidental to,
the publication or issue of public statements or notices pursuant to
this article, or such part thereof as it may deem appropriate; and any
sum so due shall be recoverable by the competent authority in the
same manner as an administrative penalty imposed under this Act.
38         [ CAP. 590.                      VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS
Right of entry.             43. (1)       Any officer, employee or agent of the competent
                     authority, on producing, if required, evidence of his authority, may
                     enter premises occupied by a person on whom a notice has been
                     served under article 39 or whose affairs are being investigated under
                     article 40, for the purpose of obtaining there the information or
                     documents required by that notice, or otherwise for the purpose of the
                     investigation, and of exercising any of the powers conferred by the
                     said articles.

                            (2) Where any officer, employee or agent of the competent
                     authority has reasonable cause to believe that if such notice as is
                     referred to in sub-article (1) were served it would not be complied
                     with or that any documents to which it could relate would be
                     removed, tampered with or destroyed, such person may, on
                     producing, if required, evidence of his authority, enter any premises
                     referred to in sub-article (1) for the purpose of obtaining there any
                     information or documents specified in the authority, being
                     information or documents that could have been required under such
                     notice as is referred to in sub-article (1).

                            (3) For the purposes of any action taken under the
                     provisions of this article, the competent authority may request the
                     assistance of the Commissioner of Police, who may for such purpose
                     exercise such powers as are vested in it for the prevention of offences
                     and the enforcement of law and order.

Discontinuation or          44. (1) (a) The competent authority may, in accordance
suspension from
trading on a VFA
                     with rules issued under this Act, and whether of its own motion or at
exchange.            the request of a VFA exchange on which a virtual financial asset has
                     been admitted to trading, discontinue or suspend the trading of such
                     virtual financial asset if it is satisfied that there are circumstances
                     which warrant such suspension or discontinuance.

                                         (b) Without prejudice to the right of the
                     competent authority under paragraph (a) to demand suspension or
                     removal of a virtual financial asset from trading, a VFA exchange
                     operator may suspend or remove from trading a virtual financial asset
                     which no longer complies with the definition of a virtual financial
                     asset or the bye-laws of the VFA exchange unless such a step would
                     be likely to cause significant damage to the investors’ interests or the
                     orderly functioning of the VFA exchange. The VFA exchange
                     operator that suspends or removes from trading a virtual financial
                     asset shall make public this decision and communicate the relevant
                     information to the competent authority. Where required, the
                     competent authority shall inform the European regulatory authorities
                     of the other Member States or EEA States of this decision.

                                        (c) When the competent authority demands the
                     suspension or removal of a virtual financial asset from trading on one
                     or more VFA exchanges, it shall immediately make public its
                     decision and inform any regulatory authority, as required, pursuant to
              VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS                                 [ CAP. 590.          39

the obligations emanating from European legislation or Malta’s
international commitments.

                    (d) A VFA exchange operator that suspends or
removes from trading a virtual financial asset shall also suspend or
remove any derivatives thereof which relate or are referenced to that
virtual financial asset as may be necessary to support the objectives
of the suspension or removal of the underlying virtual financial asset.
The VFA exchange operator shall make public its decision on the
suspension or removal of the virtual financial asset and of any related
derivatives and communicate the relevant decisions to the competent
authority:

                   Provided that the term "derivatives" in this
paragraph shall exclude the derivatives as referred to in points (4) to
(10) of Section C of Annex I to MiFID.

                   (e) Paragraph (d) shall also apply when the
suspension from trading of a virtual financial asset or derivatives
thereof which relate or are referenced to that virtual financial asset is
lifted.

                     (f) The notification procedure referred to in
paragraph (d) shall also apply in the case where the decision to
suspend or remove from trading a virtual financial asset or
derivatives thereof which relate or are referenced to that virtual
financial asset is taken by the competent authority.

       (2) If the trading of any virtual financial asset is suspended
under sub-article (1) such virtual financial asset may still be treated
as being traded on a VFA exchange for such purposes as may be set
out in rules issued under this Act.

       (3) If the competent authority discontinues or suspends the
trading of any virtual financial assets, the issuer shall have a right of
appeal to the Tribunal in terms of article 51.

       (4) This article shall also be applicable where a virtual
financial asset is determined by the competent authority to be
electronic money or a financial instrument in terms of article
13(2)(b).

       45.   (1)     If the competent authority -                            Notice of
                                                                             discontinuation or
                                                                             suspension.
              (a)     proposes to discontinue or suspend the trading of
       a virtual financial asset on a VFA exchange; or

             (b)     decides to suspend the trading of a virtual
       financial asset on a VFA exchange with immediate effect,

it must give the issuer of such virtual financial asset notice in writing:
40   [ CAP. 590.                     VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS
                           Provided that a notice under this sub-article shall not be
              required when a virtual financial asset has been admitted to trading
              irrespective of the issuer’s will.

                     (2) The discontinuance or suspension of the trading of a
              virtual financial asset shall take effect immediately or on such date as
              may be specified in the notice under sub-article (1).

                    (3)    A notice given under sub-article (1) shall -

                           (a)     give details of the discontinuance or suspension;

                           (b)     state the competent authority’s reason for the
                    discontinuance or suspension, provided that the interest of a
                    VFA exchange or the interest of the public or the investors
                    shall constitute sufficient reason;

                          (c)     inform the issuer of a virtual financial asset that
                    he may make representations to the competent authority within
                    such period as may be specified in the notice; and

                           (d)    inform the issuer of the date on which the
                    discontinuance or suspension will take effect or of the date on
                    which the suspension took effect if the notice under sub-article
                    (1) states that suspension is to take place with immediate
                    effect:

                           Provided that the obligation to give notice of a decision
              to suspend the trading of a virtual financial asset and the right of the
              issuer to make representations in relation thereto shall be without
              prejudice to the power of the competent authority to suspend the
              trading of any virtual financial assets with immediate effect.

                    (4) The competent authority may extend the period within
              which representations may be made to it.

                     (5) If having considered any representations made by the
              issuer of a virtual financial asset the competent authority decides -

                          (a)     to discontinue or suspend the trading of a virtual
                    financial asset; or

                           (b)     if the suspension has taken effect, not to cancel
                    it,

              the competent authority shall give the issuer of a virtual financial
              asset notice in writing of its decision.

                     (6) If the competent authority decides to discontinue or
              suspend the trading of a virtual financial asset, or if the suspension
              has taken effect, not to cancel it, the issuer of the virtual financial
              asset concerned shall have a right of appeal to the Tribunal and a
              VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS                               [ CAP. 590.              41

notice given under sub-article (5) shall inform the issuer of his right
to refer the matter to the Tribunal.

       (7) The effect of cancelling a discontinuance is that the
virtual financial asset concerned is to be re-admitted to trading on the
VFA exchange on which it had been admitted to trading.

        (8) The provisions of this article shall also be applicable
where a virtual financial asset is determined by the competent
authority to be electronic money or a financial instrument in terms of
article 13(2)(b).

       46. (1)        Without prejudice to the provisions of article 45,   Temporary
                                                                           suspension of
the competent authority shall have the power to suspend temporarily        trading on a VFA
the trading in a virtual financial asset on any VFA exchange, if in its    exchange.
opinion, the orderly transaction of business is being prevented, or is
likely to be prevented.

       (2) The Minister may recommend to the competent
authority the temporary suspension of trading if he is of the opinion
that the orderly transaction of business of a VFA exchange is being
disrupted because of any occurrence which in the opinion of the
Minister merits such closure.

       (3) The competent authority may order that, for such time as
it may determine, no trading of any kind may be transacted in one or
more specified virtual financial assets if it has reason to believe that
this would be in the interest of the VFA exchange concerned, the
public or investors in general.

       (4) No transaction may be executed at any time in the event
of the temporary suspension of trading under this article. Any
transaction so executed in contravention of this sub-article shall be
invalid.

       (5) This article shall also be applicable where a virtual
financial asset is determined by the competent authority to be
electronic money or a financial instrument in terms of article
13(2)(b).

       47. Without prejudice to any other powers assigned to the           Power of the
                                                                           competent
competent authority in terms of this Act, the competent authority          authority to
shall introduce a test applicable to issuers and licence holders for the   introduce test.
                                                                           Amended by:
purpose of determining whether a DLT asset qualifies as electronic         XIV.2024.12.
money, a financial instrument, virtual financial asset or virtual token:

             Provided that such test shall be applicable prior to the
submission of the whitepaper to the competent authority or the
provision of a VFA service, as the case may be.
42         [ CAP. 590.                      VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS
Administrative               48. (1)       Without prejudice to any other powers assigned
penalties and other
measures. 
                      to the competent authority in terms of this Act, where a licence holder
Amended by:          or the secretary, a member of the board of administration or any other
XIV.2024.13.
                      person responsible for a licence holder contravenes or fails to comply
                      with any of the conditions imposed in a licence, and, or where the
                      competent authority is satisfied that a person’s conduct amounts to a
                      breach of any of the provisions of this Act, regulations made or rules
                      issued thereunder, including failure to cooperate in an investigation,
                      the competent authority may by notice in writing and without
                      recourse to a court hearing impose on the licence holder, secretary,
                      member of the board of administration and, or any other person as the
                      case may be, an administrative penalty which may not exceed one
                      hundred and fifty thousand euro (€150,000) for each infringement or
                      failure to comply, as the case may be:

                                   Provided that the provisions of this sub-article shall
                      apply to issuers mutatis mutandis.

                             (2) Administrative penalties or other measures that may be
                      imposed by the competent authority on issuers, licence holders or
                      others, as may be specified, may be imposed in the form of a fixed
                      penalty, a daily penalty, or both.

                            (3) The imposition by the competent authority of an
                      administrative penalty in terms of this article shall be without
                      prejudice to any other consequence of the act or omission of the
                      offender under civil or criminal law:

                                   Provided that in all cases where the competent authority
                      imposes an administrative penalty in respect of anything done or
                      omitted to be done by any person and such act or omission also
                      constitutes a criminal offence, no proceedings may be taken or
                      continued against the said person in respect of such criminal offence.

                            (4) The competent authority may, by means of a public
                      statement, disclose the name of the person sanctioned, the particular
                      breach of the provision of this Act, regulations made or rules issued
                      thereunder, and the penalty or administrative measure imposed. The
                      competent authority shall withhold such public disclosure where it
                      deems that such disclosure would seriously jeopardise the financial
                      markets, be detrimental to the interests of investors or consumers or
                      cause disproportionate damage to the parties involved.

Obligation to state          49. Any decision taken under this Act by the competent
grounds for
decisions.
                      authority, including any rules issued or regulations made thereunder,
                      shall state the grounds on which such a decision has been based.

                                                   PART VIII

                                                Duty of Auditors
             VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS                                [ CAP. 590.          43

       50. (1)       A licence holder shall appoint an auditor who         Auditor’s duty to
                                                                           report.
shall have the duty to report immediately to the competent authority       Amended by:
any fact or decision of which he becomes aware in his capacity as          XIV.2024.14.
auditor of such licence holder which -

            (a)     is likely to lead to a serious qualification or
      refusal of the auditor’s report on the accounts of such licence
      holder; or

            (b)     constitutes or is likely to constitute a material
      breach of the legal or regulatory requirements applicable to the
      licence holders in or under this Act; or

            (c)     gravely impairs the licence holder’s ability to
      continue as a going concern; or

            (d)     relates to any other matter which may be
      prescribed.

       (2) An auditor of a licence holder shall report to the
competent authority any facts or decision as specified in sub-article
(1) of any person having close links with such licence holder within
the meaning in article 17, of which he becomes aware in his capacity
as auditor of the licence holder or of the person having such close
links.

       (3) No duty (including the duty of professional secrecy) to
which an auditor of the licence holder may be subject, shall be
regarded as contravened by reason of his communicating in good
faith to the competent authority, whether or not in response to a
request from it, any information or opinion on a matter of which the
auditor has become aware in his capacity as auditor of that licence
holder and which is relevant to any functions of the competent
authority under the provisions of this Act or is required to be
communicated by virtue of sub-article (1).

       (4) The matters prescribed for the purposes of sub-article
(1)(d) may include matters related to persons other than the licence
holder.

      (5) An auditor of a licence holder shall, in the absence of
compelling reasons not to do so, simultaneously report the
information specified in sub-articles (1) and (2), in accordance with
the provisions of sub-articles (3) and (4), to the board of
administration of the licence holder.

      (6) An auditor of a licence holder shall report annually to
the competent authority on the licence holder’s systems and security
access protocols in the manner and format required by the competent
authority.

    (7)    The provisions of this article shall apply to issuers mutatis
44          [ CAP. 590.                     VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS
                      mutandis.

                                                    PART IX

                               Appeals, Remedies, Sanctions and Confidentiality

Appeals.                      51. (1)      Subject to the provisions of this article and
                      without prejudice to any other article under this Act, an appeal shall
                      lie to the Tribunal with respect to:

                                     (a)   any decision under article 12(c) and (d);

                                     (b)   any notice in terms of article 13(2);

                                     (c)   any administrative penalty imposed under article
                            48;

                                   (d)    any refusal, variation, cancellation or suspension
                            of a licence under article 22(3);

                                   (e)     any notice issued or any order made in terms of
                            articles 28, 44 and 45;

                                   (f)     any decision concerning an advertisement under
                            articles 6 or 29;

                                     (g)   any punishment or penalty imposed under article
                            38(5);

                                     (h)   any directive given under article 41; or

                                  (i)      any measure taken in terms of article 42(1), (2)
                            and (4).

Cap. 330.                   (2) The provisions of article 21 of the Malta Financial
                      Services Authority Act shall apply mutatis mutandis to appeals that
                      may be brought before the Tribunal under this article.

Powers of the court         52. (1)        If, on an application by the competent authority
in the case of a
likely
                      made to the court, such court is satisfied -
contravention.
                                   (a)     that there is reasonable likelihood that a person
                            will contravene any of the provisions of this Act or of any
                            regulations made or rules issued thereunder, or will contravene
                            or fail to comply with any condition, obligation, requirement,
                            rules, directive, or order made or given under any of the
                            provisions of this Act; or

                                   (b)    that a person has contravened any such provision
                            or has contravened or failed to comply with any such
                            condition, obligation, requirement, rules, directive, or order
                            and that steps could be taken to remedy the contravention or
                            failure,
              VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS                                 [ CAP. 590.       45

the court may give such orders as it may deem appropriate to restrain
the contravention or, as the case may be, to require the person
referred to in paragraph (a) or (b), or any other person who appears to
the court to have been knowingly concerned in the contravention, to
take such steps as the court may direct.

       (2) If, on an application made under sub-article (1), the
court is satisfied that a person has entered into any transaction in
contravention of any of the provisions of this Act, the court may
order that person and any other person who appears to the court to
have been knowingly concerned in the contravention to take such
steps as the court may direct for restoring the parties to the position in
which they were before the transaction was entered into.

       (3) If, on an application made under sub-article (1), the
court is further satisfied that -

             (a)     profits have accrued to any person as a result of
       the contravention; or

             (b)     an investor has suffered loss or been otherwise
       adversely affected as a result of that contravention,

the court may order the person responsible for the contravention to
pay into court such sum as appears to it to be just having regard to the
extent of the profit, loss or adverse effect as aforesaid, and order such
sum to be paid out as the court may direct to the persons who have
entered into transactions as a result of which profits have accrued or
losses or adverse effects have been suffered as aforesaid.

      (4) For the purposes of this article the court may order the
production by any person of such accounts and the provision of such
information, and verified in such manner, as the court may deem
appropriate.

      (5) The provisions of this article shall be without prejudice
to any right of any aggrieved person to bring proceedings directly in
respect of any right such person may otherwise have independently of
the competent authority.

       53. (1)        Without prejudice to any other article under this      Offences.
Act, any person who contravenes or fails to comply with any of the
provisions of articles 3, 7, 13, 25, 26, 28, 39, 41 or 57 or of article 39
as applied by article 40 or of any court order made under article 52 or
of any regulations made under article 38 shall be guilty of an offence.

       (2) Any person who for the purposes of, or pursuant to, any
of the provisions of this Act or of any regulations made thereunder, or
any condition, obligation, requirement, directive or order made or
given as aforesaid, furnishes information or makes a statement which
he knows to be inaccurate, false or misleading in any material
46         [ CAP. 590.                       VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS
                      respect, or recklessly furnishes information or makes a statement
                      which is inaccurate, false or misleading in any material respect, shall
                      be guilty of an offence.

                             (3) Any person who is knowingly a party to the carrying on
                      of any activity regulated under this Act, or any regulations made or
                      rules issued thereunder, with a fraudulent intent or for a fraudulent
                      purpose, shall be guilty of an offence.

                            (4) Any person who by any statement, promise or forecast
                      which he knows to be misleading, false or deceptive, or by any
                      dishonest concealment of material facts, or by the reckless making
                      (whether dishonest or otherwise) of any statement, promise or
                      forecast which is misleading, false or deceptive, induces or attempts
                      to induce another person to enter into or offer to enter into a VFA
                      agreement, shall be guilty of an offence.

                             (5) Any person who with intent to avoid detection of the
                      commission of an offence under this Act removes, destroys, conceals
                      or fraudulently alters any book, document or other paper or record,
                      either tangible or intangible, shall be guilty of an offence.

                             (6) Any person who intentionally obstructs a person from
                      exercising rights conferred by this Act shall be guilty of an offence.

Penalties.                  54. (1)        An issuer or a licence holder, other than a licence
Amended by:          holder referred to in sub-article (2), guilty of an offence under the
XIV.2024.15.
                      provisions of article 53 shall be liable on conviction to a fine (multa)
                      not exceeding ten million euro (€10,000,000) or up to three times the
                      profits made or losses avoided by virtue of the offence, whichever is
                      the greater, or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six years, or
                      both such fine and imprisonment, unless such fine or term of
                      imprisonment is otherwise imposed under article 38(5).

                            (2)    Repealed by Act XIV.2024.15.

Sanctions on                 55. Where obligations imposed in terms of the Act or any
members of the
body of               regulations made or rules issued thereunder apply to the issuer,
administration of     licence holder or to any other legal entity, in the event of a breach,
the legal entity.
Amended by:          sanctions can also be applied, subject to the conditions laid down in
XIV.2024.16.          national law, to the members of the body of administration of the
                      legal entity concerned, and to other individuals who are responsible
                      for the breach under national law.

Public statement as         56. (1)       If it appears to the competent authority that a
to person’s           person who holds or who held a licence, or registration, or any other
misconduct.
                      person, has contravened any of the provisions of this Act or of any
                      regulations made under this Act or has contravened or failed to
                      comply with any condition, obligation, requirement, rules, directive
                      or order made or given under any of the provisions of this Act, the
                      competent authority may publish a statement to that effect.
              VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS                              [ CAP. 590.           47

      (2) Nothing in this article shall restrict or otherwise
prejudice the powers of the competent authority under article 41(4).

       57. (1)       Information obtained by the competent authority      Confidentiality.
or by its officers, employees or agents, as well as by auditors,          Amended by:
                                                                          XLVI.2021.69;
inspectors or any other persons engaged by the competent authority        XIV.2024.17.
for the purposes of, or pursuant to, any of the provisions of this Act,
or of any regulations made or rules issued thereunder, or in the
discharge of any functions under any of the said provisions, shall be
treated as confidential and protected by the duty of professional
secrecy, and shall not be disclosed to any other person, except in the
following cases:

            (a)     where the disclosure is required for the
      detection, prevention or prosecution of criminal offences
      under the criminal provisions of this Act or any other law;

            (b)     where the information is disclosed with a view to
      the institution of, or otherwise for the purposes of any
      proceedings by the competent authority before any court under
      this Act;

            (c)     where the information is disclosed in civil or
      commercial proceedings in relation to the bankruptcy or
      dissolution and consequential winding up by the court of an
      issuer or licence holder, provided such information does not
      concern third parties and is necessary for the carrying out of
      the proceedings, or is disclosed to an overseas body
      responsible for the liquidation and bankruptcy of a person
      holding a licence or an equivalent authorisation from a
      European regulatory authority or an overseas regulatory
      authority;

             (d)     where a summary or collection of the
      information is prepared or supplied in such a way as not to
      enable the identity of any persons, to whom the information
      relates to be ascertained;

            (e)    where the information is disclosed to an auditor
      where such disclosure would assist it in the exercise of his
      functions under article 50;

           (f)     where the information is provided to the Central
      Bank of Malta in the exercise of its functions in terms of law;

             (g)    where the information is provided to such other
      local or European or overseas regulatory, judicial or
      enforcement authorities in the pursuance of serious concerns
      of a regulatory or criminal nature:

             Provided that the provisions of this article shall not
48          [ CAP. 590.                    VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS
                     prevent the competent authority from exchanging or transmitting
                     confidential information belonging to issuers or licence holders to
                     ESAs or the ESRB:

                                  Provided further that the provisions of this article shall
                     not prevent the competent authority from using such information for
                     other purposes where the body or person communicating information
                     to the competent authority consents thereto.

                            (2) The provisions of this article shall not preclude the
                     competent authority from transmitting to the Central Bank of Malta,
                     the ESCB and the ECB, in their capacity as monetary authorities,
                     and, where appropriate, to recognised clearing houses or other similar
                     body performing clearing or settlement services, and to other public
                     authorities responsible for overseeing payment and settlement
                     systems, confidential information intended for the performance of
                     their functions. Likewise, the competent authority shall be entitled to
                     the receipt of such information as it may require for the purpose of
                     performing its functions under the Act.

                           (3) Where an officer or an employee of an issuer or licence


                     holder has reason to believe that a transaction or a proposed
                    transaction could involve money laundering or the funding of


                     terrorism, he shall act in compliance with the reporting and other
                    obligations set out in the regulations made under article 12 of the

Cap. 373.
                     Prevention of Money Laundering Act and any procedures and
                     guidance issued thereunder, and such disclosure shall not constitute a
                     breach of confidentiality.

                                                    PART X

                                           Miscellaneous Provisions

Exclusion of               58.    Deleted by Act XI.2025.43.
liability.

Notices, etc.              59. A notice or other document to be given or served under
                     this Act, or any rules issued or regulations made thereunder, shall be
                     deemed to have been duly given or served on a person if -

                                  (a)     it has been delivered to it; or

                                 (b)    it has been left at the address furnished by it to
                           the competent authority, or to his last known address; or

                                 (c)     if it has been sent to it by post or by telefax at
                           any of the aforesaid addresses; or

                                 (d)    in the case of a body of persons, whether
                           corporate or unincorporate, if it has been given or served in
                           any of the manners aforesaid to or on a secretary, clerk,
                           manager or their equivalent, or to any member of the board of
              VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS                                [ CAP. 590.             49

       administration or an appointed representative.

        60. Where a licence holder wishes to carry on the respective        European right.
activities in a Member State or EEA State, in exercise of a European
right, such right shall be subject to -

             (a)   a prior notification to the competent authority in
       accordance with regulations made and rules issued under this
       Act; and

             (b)      the laws of that Member State or EEA State.

      61. The competent authority shall cooperate with the ESAs             Co-operation with
                                                                            ESAs and other
and other European, overseas and national regulatory authorities            European, overseas
whenever necessary and in accordance with any applicable European           and national
                                                                            regulatory
or Maltese law or Malta’s international commitments, as the case            authorities.
may be.

                               PART XI

                         Transitory Provisions

       62. (1)        Any person who, on the date of the coming into        Transitory
                                                                            provisions.
force of this Act -

              (a)     is undertaking an activity in terms of article 3
       shall, within three months from the date of coming into force
       of this Act, draw up a whitepaper and register it with the
       competent authority in terms of the said article:

                      Provided that this paragraph shall be applicable
       only to those persons who have commenced an offering or have
       applied for admission to trading in terms of article 3 by not
       earlier than two weeks prior to the coming into force of this Act;

            (b)     is providing the services of a VFA agent within
       the meaning found under this Act, shall, within one month
       from the date of coming into force of this Act, apply to the
       competent authority for registration in terms of article 7;

             (c)      is providing a VFA service within the meaning
       found under this Act shall, within twelve months from the date
       of coming into force of this Act, apply to the competent
       authority for licence in terms of article 14.

       (2) A person under sub-article (1) may, subject to a prior
notification to the competent authority of the activity it is undertaking
and, or service or services it is providing, immediately upon the
coming into force of this Act, continue to undertake such activity or
provide such service or services in or from within Malta until the
whitepaper has been registered with, or the application has been
determined by, the competent authority and, in so doing, is not to be
50         [ CAP. 590.                         VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS
                       regarded as carrying on such activity or providing such service in
                       contravention of this Act.

Further transitory       63.     (1)     Any issuer who, as from the first date of coming into
provisions relating
to VFA agents.       force of the Virtual Financial Assets (Amendment) Act, 2024, shall
Added by:            seek to register a whitepaper in accordance with article 3, shall deliver to
XIV.2024.18.
Act No. XIV of        the competent authority an application for the registration of a

2024.                 whitepaper, and the appointment and services of a VFA agent shall no
                      longer be required.

                        (2)     Without prejudice to article 64(2), any person who, as from


                      the first date of coming into force of the Virtual Financial Assets
                     (Amendment) Act, 2024 shall seek to apply for a licence to provide a
Act No. XIV of        VFA service in or from within Malta in accordance with article 14(1),

2024.
                      shall submit an application to the competent authority, and such person
                      shall no longer be required to make the application through a VFA agent.

                         (3)     Notwithstanding the provisions of sub-articles (1) and (2),

                     where a VFA agent has submitted an application to the competent
                     authority for the registration of a whitepaper or for the issuance of a

                     licence prior to the first date of coming into force of the Virtual
                     Financial Assets (Amendment) Act, 2024 and such application has, by

Act No. XIV of        such date, not yet been determined by the competent authority in terms

2024.                 of articles 3(4) and 15(1), the VFA agent appointed to provide its
                      services in relation to any such application shall be permitted to continue
                      to offer its services with respect to that application until the competent
                      authority issues a decision in relation thereto:

                                Provided that the VFA agent shall, in any case, cease to offer
                     its services in relation to such application within three (3) months from

                     the first date of coming into force of the Virtual Financial Assets
                     (Amendment) Act, 2024 or until the competent authority issues a
Act No. XIV of

2024.                 decision in relation to the said application, whichever is the earlier.

                         (4)    Without prejudice to the provisions of sub-article (3), VFA

                     agents shall cease to carry on the activities for which they are registered
                     with the competent authority upon the first date of coming into force of

Act No. XIV of        the Virtual Financial Assets (Amendment) Act, 2024 and shall, within

2024.                 three (3) months from the said date, submit to the competent authority
                      the VFA Agent Deregistration Form provided for in the rules issued
                      under this Act.

Further transitory        64.    (1)    When a person has submitted, through a VFA agent,
provisions relating   an application as referred to in article 14 prior to the first date of coming
to applications for
a licence.           into force of the Virtual Financial Assets (Amendment) Act, 2024 and
Added by:            the competent authority has not yet determined, in terms of article 15,
XIV.2024.18.
Act No. XIV of        whether to grant or refuse the licence being applied for by such date, the

2024.                 said person shall notify the competent authority, in writing, whether they
                      shall proceed with that application or whether they shall withdraw the
                      said application:
               VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS                              [ CAP. 590.            51

           Provided that, when such person does not notify the             
                                                                           
competent authority in accordance with this sub-article within one (1)     
month from the first date of coming into force of the Virtual Financial    Act No. XIV of

                                                                           2024.
Assets (Amendment) Act, 2024, the competent authority shall deem the
application submitted by that person to have been withdrawn.

        (2) Notwithstanding the provisions of this Act, and any
 regulations made, and rules issued thereunder, applications as referred
 to in article 14 may not be submitted to, and in any case shall not be
 accepted by, the competent authority as from 1st August 2024.

    65.    (1)    Where a person has made, either directly or through a    Further transitory
                                                                           provisions relating
VFA agent, a request to the competent authority to register a white        to white papers.
paper in accordance with article 3(4) prior to the first date of coming    Added by:
                                                                           XXXVI.2024.63.
into force of the Markets in Crypto-Assets Act and the competent           Cap. 647.
authority has not yet determined, in terms of the said article, whether
or not to register that white paper by such date, the said person
shall notify the competent authority in writing, whether it wishes to
proceed with its request for the registration of the white paper or
whether it wishes to withdraw the said request:

         Provided that, where such person does not notify the              
competent authority, in accordance with this sub-article, within one (1)   
                                                                           
month from the first date of coming into force of the Markets in           Cap. 647.
Crypto-Assets Act the competent authority shall deem the request
made by such person to have been withdrawn.

   (2)     Notwithstanding the provisions of this Act, and any
regulations made, and rules issued thereunder, requests for the
registration of white papers in accordance with article 3(4) may not
be made to, and in any case shall not be accepted by the competent
authority as from 1 August 2024.

    (3) Any whitepaper relating to an e-money token which is
registered by the competent authority under this Act shall be deemed
to have automatically been deregistered on 30 June 2024.

   (4) Any whitepaper relating to a virtual financial asset other than
an e-money token or an asset- referenced token which is registered by
the competent authority under this Act shall automatically be
deregistered on 30 December 2024.

   (5) The provisions of articles 3 to 13 shall cease to have effect as
from 30 December 2024.

   66.    (1)    Persons who, on 30 December 2024, are licensed            Further transitory
                                                                           provisions relating
under this Act to provide, or hold themselves out as providing, one or     to the provision of
more VFA services may continue to provide, or hold themselves out as       VFA services.
                                                                           Added by:
providing, those services in accordance with the applicable                XXXVI.2024.63.
provisions of the said Act and any regulations made, and rules issued
thereunder, until 1 July 2026 or until they are granted or refused an
authorisation pursuant to Article 63 of the MiCA Regulation,
52   [ CAP. 590.                      VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS
             whichever comes first.

                     (2) Without prejudice to article 21, any licence granted to a
              person under this Act shall automatically be cancelled on 2 July 2026
              or upon the granting or refusal of an authorisation pursuant to

              Article 63 of the MiCA Regulation to such person, whichever
              comes first.
              VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS                               [ CAP. 590.          53

                         FIRST SCHEDULE                                    Amended by:
                                                                           XIV.2024.19.
                              (Article 2)

Matters to be specified in a whitepaper of an issuer and requirements
                   for its approval and publication

      General principles

       1.    The whitepaper shall contain the information which,
according to the particular nature of the issuer and of the virtual
financial assets offered to the public, is necessary to enable investors
to make an informed assessment of the prospects of the issuer, the
proposed project and of the features of the virtual financial asset.
This information shall be presented in an easily analysable and
comprehensible form.

      2.    Certain information specified in this Schedule may be
omitted from the whitepaper if:

            (a)     disclosure of such information would be
      contrary to the public interest;

             (b)     disclosure of such information would be
      seriously detrimental to the issuer, provided that the omission
      would not be likely to mislead the public with regard to facts
      and circumstances essential for an informed assessment of the
      prospects of the issuer, the proposed project and of the features
      of the virtual financial assets to which the whitepaper relates;

             (c)    such information is of minor importance only for
      a specific offer and is not information that will influence an
      informed assessment of the prospects of the issuer, the
      proposed project and of the features of the virtual financial
      assets to which the whitepaper relates; or

             (d)     disclosure of such information is found to be
      inappropriate to the issuer’s sphere of activity or proposed
      activity, as the case may be, or its legal form or to the virtual
      financial assets being offered, in which case the whitepaper
      shall contain equivalent information when available.

      3.    The whitepaper shall be drafted in the English language
and any or no additional languages, at the issuer’s discretion.

      Summary

      4.    (1)      The whitepaper shall include a summary. The
summary shall, in brief and non-technical language, provide key
information in relation to the offering. The format and content of the
54   [ CAP. 590.                    VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS
              summary of the whitepaper shall provide, in conjunction with the
              whitepaper, appropriate information about essential elements of the
              virtual financial assets concerned in order to aid investors when
              considering whether to invest in such virtual financial assets. The
              summary shall be drawn up in a common format in order to facilitate
              comparability of the summaries of similar virtual financial assets and
              its content should convey the key information of the virtual financial
              assets concerned in order to aid investors when considering whether
              to invest in such virtual financial assets. The summary shall also
              include a warning that:

                         (a)    it should be read as an introduction to the
                    whitepaper;

                          (b)     any decision to invest in the virtual financial
                    assets should be based on consideration of the whitepaper as a
                    whole by the investor;

                          (c)     the offering of virtual financial assets does not
                    constitute an offer or solicitation to sell financial instruments
                    and that any such offer or solicitation of financial instruments
                    will be made only by means of a prospectus or other offering
                    documentation in terms of any applicable Maltese law;

                           (d)     without prejudice to article 10 of this Act, civil
                    liability attaches to those persons who have tabled the
                    summary including any translation thereof, and applied for its
                    notification.

                     (2) For the purposes of this paragraph "key information"
              means essential and appropriately structured information which is to
              be provided to investors with a view to enabling them to understand
              the nature and the risks of the proposed project, the issuer and the
              virtual financial assets that are being offered to them.

                    Specific matters to be included

                    5.     Paragraphs 6 to 13 of this Schedule contain the specific
              matters to be included in a whitepaper.

                    The persons responsible for the whitepaper

                     6.    Names, functions and declarations by the persons
              responsible for the whitepaper that to the best of their knowledge the
              information contained in the whitepaper is in accordance with the
              facts and that the whitepaper makes no omission likely to affect its
              import.

                    The offer to the public

                    7.    At least, and to the extent it is applicable, the following
              information on the offer shall be provided in the whitepaper:
       VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS                                  [ CAP. 590.   55

      (a)      description of the reason behind the initial
virtual financial asset offering;

      (b)    detailed technical description of the protocol,
platform and, or application, as the case may be, and the
associated benefits;

      (c)      detailed description of the sustainability and
scalability of the proposed project;

      (d)    associated challenges and risks as well as
mitigating measures thereof;

      (e)     detailed description of the characteristics and
functionality of the virtual financial assets being offered;

      (f)     detailed description of the issuer, development
team, advisors and any other service providers that may be
deployed for the realisation of the project;

      (g)      detailed description of the issuer’s wallet/s used;

       (h)     description of the security safeguards against
cyber threats to the underlying protocol, to any off-chain
activities and to any wallets used by the issuer;

      (i)      detailed description of the life cycle of the initial
virtual financial asset offering and the proposed project;

      (j)    detailed description of the past and future
milestones and project financing;

      (k)      detailed description of the targeted investor base;

      (l)      exchange rate of the virtual financial assets;

      (m)      description of the underlying             protocol’s
interoperability with other protocols;

       (n)      description of the manner funds raised through
the initial virtual financial asset offering will be allocated;

      (o)      the amount and purpose of the issue;

      (p)     the total number of virtual financial assets to be
issued and their features;

      (q)      the distribution of virtual financial assets;

      (r)      the consensus algorithm, where applicable;

      (s)     incentive mechanism to secure any transactions,
transaction and/or any other applicable fees;
56   [ CAP. 590.                   VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS
                         (t)     in the case of a new protocol, the estimated
                   speed of transactions;

                            (u)   any applicable taxes;

                            (v)   any set soft cap and hard cap for the offering;

                            (w)   the period during which the offer is open;

                            (x)   any person underwriting or guaranteeing the
                   offer;

                         (y)     any restrictions on the free transferability of the
                   virtual financial assets being offered and the DLT exchange/s
                   on which they may be traded, to the extent known by the
                   issuer;

                            (z)   methods of payment;

                          (aa)     specific notice that investors participating in the
                   initial virtual financial asset offering will be able to get their
                   contribution back if the soft cap is not reached at the end of the
                   offering and detailed description of the refund mechanism,
                   including the expected time-line of when such refund will be
                   completed;

                          (ab)    detailed description of the risks associated with
                   the virtual financial assets and the investment therein;

                         (ac)   the procedure for the exercise of any right of
                   pre-emption;

                         (ad)    detailed description of the smart contract/s, if
                   any, deployed including inter alia the adopted standards, its/
                   their underlying protocol/s, functionality/-ies and associated
                   operational costs;

                          (ae)    if any smart contract/s is/are deployed by the
                   issuer, details of the auditor who performed an audit on it/
                   them;

                         (af)   description of any restrictions embedded in the
                   smart contract/s deployed, if any, including inter alia any
                   investment and/or geographical restrictions;

                         (ag)    the programme agents used to obtain data and
                   verify occurrences from smart contracts (also known as
                   ‘oracles’) used and detailed description of their characteristics
                   and functionality thereof;

                          (ah)    bonuses applicable to early investors including
                   inter alia discounted purchase price for virtual financial assets;
                 VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS                            [ CAP. 590.   57

            (ai)    the period during which voluntary withdrawals
      are permitted by the smart contract, if any;

            (aj)   description of the issuer’s adopted white-listing
      and anti-money laundering and counter financing of terrorism
      procedures in terms of the Prevention of Money Laundering
      Act and any regulations made and rules issued thereunder;

             (ak)   intellectual property rights associated with the
      offering and protection thereof; and

             (al)    the methods of and time-limits for delivery of
      the virtual financial assets:

             Provided that the competent authority shall have the
power to waive or modify any of the above requirements within the
context of a particular initial VFA offering or a particular application
for admission to trading on a DLT exchange, as the case may be.

      Details of the issuer

      8.     The following details of the issuer:

             -       Name;

             -       Registered address and registration number;

             -       Date of registration;

             -       The issuer’s object(s);

           -        Where applicable, the group of undertakings to
      which the issuer belongs;

            -      In so far as they are known, indication of the
      members who directly or indirectly exercise or could exercise
      a determining role in the issuer’s administration.

      The issuer’s principal activities

       9.     Description of the issuer’s principal activities including
the disclosure of any legal proceedings having an important effect on
the issuer’s financial position.

      The issuer’s board of administration

      10.    Names, addresses and functions of administrators.

      Benefits for third parties and other expenditure

      11. The amount or estimated amount of preliminary
expenses and the persons by whom any of those expenses have been
paid or are payable, and the amount or estimated amount of the
58   [ CAP. 590.                     VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS
              expenses of the issue and the persons by whom any of those expenses
              have been paid or are payable, in whatever form.

                    Issuer’s financial track record

                    12. Where the issuer has been established for a period
              exceeding three years, details of its financial track record.

                    Validity of a whitepaper, arrangements for approval and
              publication of a whitepaper.

                    13. A whitepaper shall be valid for 6 months after its
              approval by the competent authority for offers to the public.

                    14. (1)        The competent authority shall not register a
              whitepaper unless it is satisfied that the whitepaper has been drawn
              up in accordance with the provisions of this Act, this Schedule and
              any regulations, rules or guidance made or issued thereunder.

                    (2) The competent authority shall notify the issuer as the
              case may be, of its decision regarding the approval or otherwise of
              the whitepaper.

                    Significant new factors, material mistakes or inaccuracies

                     15. (1)       Every significant new factor, material mistake or
              inaccuracy relating to the information included in the whitepaper
              which is capable of affecting the assessment of the virtual financial
              assets and which arises or is noted between the time when the
              whitepaper is approved and the final closing of the offer to the public,
              whichever occurs later, shall be mentioned in a supplement appended
              to the whitepaper. Such a supplement shall be approved in the same
              way and published in accordance with at least the same arrangements
              as were applied when the original whitepaper was published. The
              summary, and any translations thereof, shall also be supplemented, if
              necessary, to take into account the new information included in the
              supplement.

                     (2) Investors who have already agreed to purchase or
              subscribe for the virtual financial assets before the supplement is
              published shall have the right to withdraw their acceptance within
              two working days after the publication of the supplement, provided
              that the new factor, mistake or inaccuracy referred to in paragraph (1)
              arose before the final closing of the offer to the public and the
              delivery of the virtual financial assets. That period may be extended
              by the issuer in which case the smart contract, if any, shall be updated
              accordingly. The final date of the right of withdrawal shall be stated
              in the supplement.
              VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS                               [ CAP. 590.          59

                       SECOND SCHEDULE                                     Amended by:
                                                                           L.N. 106 of 2021.
                              (Article 2)

                             VFA services

      1.     Reception and Transmission of Orders

       The reception from a person of an order to buy, sell or
subscribe for virtual financial assets and the transmission of that
order to a third party for execution.

      2.     Execution of orders on behalf of other persons

      Acting to conclude agreements to buy, sell or subscribe for one
or more virtual financial assets on behalf of other persons.

      3.     Dealing on own account

       Trading against proprietary capital resulting in conclusion of
transactions in one or more virtual financial assets.

      4.     Portfolio Management

       Managing or agreeing to manage assets belonging to another
person if those assets consist of or include one or more virtual
financial assets or the arrangements for their management are such
that the person managing or agreeing to manage those assets has a
discretion to invest any of those assets in one or more virtual
financial assets:

       Provided that for the purposes of this paragraph, the term
"assets" shall exclude any financial instrument, and whether or not
issued in Malta.

      5.     Custodian or Nominee Services

            (a)      Acting as custodian or nominee holder of a
      virtual financial asset and, or private cryptographic key; or

             (b)     holding a virtual financial asset and, or private
      cryptographic key as nominee, where the person acting as
      nominee is so doing on behalf of another person who is
      providing any VFA service under this Schedule or on behalf of
      a client of such person, and such nominee holding is carried
      out in relation to such service.

      6.     Investment Advice

       Giving, offering or agreeing to give, to persons in their
capacity as investors or potential investors or as agent for an investor
or potential investor, a personal recommendation in respect of one or
more transactions relating to one or more virtual financial assets.
60   [ CAP. 590.                        VIRTUAL FINANCIAL ASSETS
                    For the purposes of this paragraph, a "personal
              recommendation" shall mean a recommendation presented as suitable
              for the person to whom it is addressed, or which is based on a
              consideration of the circumstances of that person, and must constitute
              a recommendation to take one of the following steps:

                              (a)     to buy, sell, subscribe for, exchange, redeem or
                        hold a particular virtual financial asset;

                              (b)     to exercise or not to exercise any right conferred
                        by a particular virtual financial asset to buy, sell, subscribe for,
                        exchange, or redeem it.

                     A recommendation is not a personal recommendation if it is
              issued exclusively through distribution channels or to the public.

                        7.    Placing of virtual financial assets

                     The marketing of newly-issued virtual financial assets or of
              virtual financial assets which are already in issue but not admitted to
              trading on a DLT exchange, to specified persons and which does not
              involve an offer to the public or to existing holders of the issuer’s
              virtual financial assets.

                   8.        The operation of a VFA exchange.

                   9.        Transfer of virtual financial assets

                  Conducting a transaction on behalf of a third party that moves a
              virtual financial asset from one virtual financial asset address or
              account to another.
