EIANeKo SeNrnaL NG PIUIpINAS

                               OFFICE OF THE GOVERNOR

                                  CIRCULAR NO. 1108
                                     Series of 2O2L

Subject: Guidelines for Virtual Asset Service Providers (VASP)

       The Monetary Board, in its Resolution No. 78 dated 2L January 2O2L, approved the
following rules and regulations governing the operations of VASPs in the Philippines,
which shall amend in its entirety Section 902-N of the Manual of Regulations for Non-Bank
Financial Institutions (MORNBFI).

       Section 1. Section 902-N on Virtual Currency Exchanges shall be replaced by Virtual
Asset Service Providers (VASP), and is amended in its entirety to read, as follows:

       902-N VIRTUAL ASSET SERVICE PROVIDERS (VASP)

             PoLicy Sta|ement,. It is the policy of the Bangko
       Sentral to provide an environment that encourages
       financial innovation while safeguarding the integrity
       and stability of the financial system. The Bangko
       Sentral recognizes that virtual- asset (VA) systems have
       the potential to revolutionize the delivery of financial
       services by providing faster and more economical- means
       to transfer funds, both domestic and international, and
       may further support financial inclusion.            These
       benefits, however, should be considered along with the
       attendant risks in VAs considering the higher degree of
       anonymity involved, the velocity of transactions,
       volatility of prices, and g1oba1 accessibility. It is
       for these reasons that the Bangko Sentral shall- ensure
       that the VA systems shall not be misused and that the
       Philippines shall- not be used for money laundering (ML),
       terrorist financing (TF) and proliferation financing
        (PF) activities. In addition, VA transacti-ons also pose
       other risks, such as information technology (IT) risks,
       consumer protection, and financial stability concerns,
       among others.

            Furthermore, the Bangko Sentral recognizes that
       once fiat currency is exchanged or converted into VA, it
       becomes easily transferrable, facilitating      expedient
       movement or transfer of funds and payment services, among
       others. fn this manner, VASPs are considered as money
       service businesses that are subject to the regulatory
       authority and examination powers of the Bangko Sentral
       under R.A. No. 7653, ds amended by R.A. No. 1-121-1-.
            This Section shal1 govern the operations                                 and
       reporting obligations of VASPs in the Philippines.
                                                                                    L-9
      Scope. These guidelines shal1 cover VASPs, ds
defined in this Section, that offer their services or
engage in VASP activities in the Philippines. These
guidelines do not cover businesses involved in the
participation and provision of financial services
related to an issuer's offer and/or sale of a VA, which
fa11 within the jurisdiction of Securities and Exchange
Commission, and entities soleIy acting on their own
behal-f (i.e., not engaged in the business of actively
facilitating VA-related actj-vities for the account of
others) .
     The guidelines outl-ined in this Section are based
on leading standards such as the Financial Action Task
Force Recommendations on anti-money laundering and
counter-terrorist financing standards, as well as other
recognized risk management principles, and shal1 serve
as Bangko Sentral's baseline requirement for all VASPs.
    DefiniEion of Terms. The terms as used in this
Section, sha1l be defined, as follows:
a. VirtuaT asset refers to any type of digital- unit that
   can be digitally traded, or transferred, and can be
   used for payment or investment purposes. It can be
   defined as a "property", "proceeds", "funds", "funds
   or other assets", and other "corresponding value". It
   is used as a medium of exchange or a form of digitally
   stored value created by agreement within the community
   of VA users. VAs sha1l be broadly construed to include
   digital units of exchange that (i) have a centralized
   repository or administrator; (ii) are decentralized
   and have no centralized repository or administrator;
   or (iii) may be created or obtained by computing or
   manufacturing effort.     VAs are not. issued nor
   guaranteed by any jurisdiction and do not have Iegal
   tender status.
   For purposes of these guidelines, digital units of
   exchange t.hat is used for (i) the payment of goods
   and services soIe1y provided by its issuer or a
   limited set of merchants specified by its issuer
    (e.9., gift checks) ; or (ii) the payment of virtual-
   goods and services within an online game (e.9., gaming
   tokens) shalI not be considered as VAs. Also, virtual
   currencies as previously defined in Bangko Sentral-
   Circular No. 944 (Guidelines for Virtual Currency
   Exchanges) shall now be referred to as VAs.
b. Virtual Asset Service Provider (VASP) refers to any
   entity that offers services or engages in activities
                                                   Page 2 of 9
     that provide facility for the transfer or exchange of
     VA, which involve the conduct of one or more of the
     following activities:
     (1) exchange between VAs and f iat currencies,'
     (2) exchange between one or more forms of VAs;
     (3) transfer of VAs; and
     (4) safekeeping and/or administration of VAs or
         instruments enablinc control over VAs.
     Virtual Currency Exchanges as previously defined in
     Bangko Sentral Circul-ar No. 944 (Guidelines f or
     Virtual Currency Exchanges) sha11 now be referred to
     as VASPS.
c. VA Custodian refers to a VASP performing the act of
     ftem b(4) above.
d.   Fiat currency refers to gfovernment-issued currency
     that is designated as Iega1 tender in its country of
     issuance through government decree, regulation, or
     Iaw.
e. Money Service Business (MSB) refers to financial-
   services that invol-ve the acceptance of cash, checks,
   other monetary instruments or other stores of va1ue,
   and the payment of a corresponding sum in cash or
   other form to a beneficiary by means of a
   communication, message, transfer, or through a
   clearj-ng network to which the service provider
     belongs.
       Requiremente for    issuance of    Certificate      of
Authority   (COA). A VASP sha1l secure a COA to operate as
an MSB, pursuant to and upon compliance with the
requirements under Section 901-N. fn the course of COA
application, the Bangko Sentral shaI1 take into account
and extend its evaluation over the fitness and propriety
of the VASP's beneficial owners.
     A VASP shall also adhere to the registration
procedures under Appendix N-7 and submit the Application
for Registration and Not.arized Deeds of Undertaking
(Appendices N-8 and N-9) to the Bangko Sentral through
the appropriate supervising department of the Bangko
Sentral.
     The VASP shal1 comply with pertinent. Bangko Sentral
rules and regulations on Outsourcing (Section 702-N),
Liquidity Risk Management (Section 724-N), Operational
Risk Management (Section 725-N), fT Risk Management
including the area of IT Outsourcing/Vendor Management
Program (Section 726-N), Business Continuity Management
                                                    Page 3 of 9
                                                                  a
(Section 727-N), Internal Control (Section 737-N), Anti-
Money Laundering (Sections 607-N and 502-N), Financial
Consumer Protection (Sections 707-N, 702-N and 703-N) ,
and sound corporate governance principles, among others.
     Capitalizat,ion. VASPs shall- have a minimum paid-in
capital as follows:
             Category               Minimum Required
                                       Capital
    VASP with        safekeeping     P50.0 million
    and/or         administration
    services for VAs (i.e., VA
    Custodian) as defined in
    this Circul-ar
    VASP without safekeeping         PL0.0 million
    and/or         administration
    services for VAs
     Registration and Annual Serviee Fees. A VASP shall
pay the registration and annual service fees as provided
under Section 901-N.
     WaLLet Security. VASPs providing wallet services
for holding and storing VAs must establish an adequate
cybersecurity framework and adopt appropriate security
measures/control-s in their VA platform to ensure
confidentiality,   integrity   and availability     of
data/information   uploaded,  stored,  processed   and
transmitted into and out of the system and protect the
infrastructure from malware, cyber-attacks and other
evolving and emerging threats. Likewise, the framework
shal1 cover provisions on the protection of fiat
currency, if any, and VA wallet.s against cyberthreats
and other technology risks.
      TecfuioTogy Outsoureing. VASPs shal1 adopt a sound
risk management system to mitigate risks arising from
outsourcing (i.e., confidentiality of information, data
privacy, data management, contract managemenL, security,
performance monitoring and business continuity, among
others). The VASP sha1I be responsible for the
performance of the service in the same manner and to the
same extent as if it were directly performing the said
activity.
      Internal ControT. A11 VASPs shal1 maintain an
internal control system commensurate to the nature, size
and complexity of their respective businesses. Critical
control functions such as risk management, audit,
compliance, anti-money laundering, information security
and other essential roles must be performed by competent
officers. The suitability of the board of directors and
management must also be assessed in adherence to sou''l
                                                      -*19
                                                     Page 4 of 9
corporate governance procedures (e.9.,       fitness     and
propriety tests).
     Financial Consurner Protection. VASPs sha11 adopt
customer awareness measures to educate their customers
which includes, among othersr (i) safeguarding of VA
and/or fiat currency wallets as well as protection of
client information such as 1og-in credentials; (ii) use
of the mobiLe platform and wall-ets; (iii) actual fees
and charges related to the use of the mobile platform
and withdrawal transactions; and (iv) problem resolution
procedures.
     VASPs shall clearly communicate and explain to their
 customers the terms and conditions prescribing the
 manner on how the losses and liabilities  from security
 breaches, system failure, or human error will be settled
 between the VASP and it,s customers.
     VASPs shall   disclose, prior to entering into an
initial- transaction and on an ongoing basis, all material
risks to their cl-ients in a manner that is clear, fair
and not misleading. Discl-osure shaIl provide information
regarding the risks associated with the acquisition,
possession, and trading of VAs. VASPS shall also disclose
whether they are holding VAs in custody and the attendant
risks or whether the customers have fuII control and
responsibility of protecting and safeguarding their VAs.
Lastly, VASPs shall- adopt a mechanism in handling
cusLomer complaints and ensure that effective controls
are in place for timely resolution thereof.
      Customer due diTigenee. VASPs sha1l conduct
customer due diligence when (1) it establishes business
relations with any customer; (2) undertakes any
occasional but. relevant business transaction for any
cusLomer who has not otherwise established business
relation with the VASP; (3) where there is suspicion of
money laundering or terrorist financing; or (4) where
there is doubt about the veracity or adequacy of
previously obt.ained customer identification data.
     Relevant business transaction sha11 mean any single
transaction amounting to P5,000 or more, or two or more
transactions belj-eved to be linked and with an aggregate
value of P5,000 or more. For this purpose, the VASP
should have appropriate system to identify and determine
occasional customer or transacti-on.
    Additional Requirements. A VASP shall only engage
with other VASPs, fj-nancial institutions,          and/or
remittance and transfer companies that are duly
authorized and l-icensed by the appropriate regulatory
authorities. VASPs sha11 establish a robust due diligence
                                                                  /)
                                                    Page 5 of 9
and accreditation process in sel-ecting the VAs that will
be listed or traded in their platform. In addition, VASPs
sha1l adopt a fraud risk management system which
sophistication and effectiveness are commensurate to the
risks associat.ed with particular VA types or specific VA
activities.    VASPs sha1l also comply with the
requirements, rules and regulations of the Bangko Sentral
regarding the application for registration            and
activities requiring prior Bangko Sentral approval or
notification.
     Clearing and set.tlement of transactions of VASP, as
well as other activities inherent to their business
models, shal1 only be undertaken with regulated VASPs
and platforms to ensure that all VASP activities are
executed within an unbroken chain of requlated entities.
      A VASP that creates and maintains fiat wal-l-ets to
facilitate the conversion or exchange of fiat currency
to VA or vice versa shall maintain sufficient
unencumbered liquid assets to ensure that VA redemptions
are adequately met at all times. The VASP sha1l have in
place control mechanisms to ensure prompt recording of
receipt of fiat money.
     VA Custodians who11y responsible for custody of
customers' VAs, either through proprietary or outsource
arrangfements, sha1l adopt measures to ensure adequate
reserves for t.he VAs held in custody. Said VA Custodians
sha1l adopt. effective mechanism to properly record and
segregate customers' VAs from their proprietary VAs.
     In cases when the conduct of in-depth studies and
further data coll-ection pursuant to the Bangko Sentral's
mandates be warranted, VASPs shall comply with additional
requests to submit specific data and information thereon
through surveys, questionnaires or other means.
     VASPs shaI1 also comply with applicable rules that
may be issued by other regulatory authorities.

     Transactional Requirements for VASPs. VASPs and
other BSFIs that engage in or facilitate VA transfers
shall consider all VA transfer transactions as cross-
border wj-re transfers and sha1I comply with pertinent
rules on wire transf ers as stated in Part Six (AI,IL
Regulations) of this Manual.
      For VA transfers amounting to P50,000.00 or more,
or its equivalent in foreign currency, the originating
institution in a VA transfer must obtain and hol-d the
required and accurate originator information as well as
the required beneficiary information, and t.ransmit said
information to the beneficiary institution. Benefici^ty
                                                   Page 6 of 9
institutions must obtain and hold required originator
information as well as required and accurate beneficiary
information. A11 the information gathered sha1l be made
available on request to competent authorities.
     The required information for VA transfers,
including transactions associated with a VA transfer,
includes the following:
     a. originator's name (r.e., the sending customer);
     b. originator's account number used to process the
        transaction (e.g., Lhe vA wa11et);
     e. a-i ai,rnator's physical (geographical-) address, or
        national       identity   number, or       customer
        ident.if ication number   (j.e.,  not a transaction
        number) that uniquely    identifies  the originator
        to the ordering institution, or date and place
        of birth;
     d. beneficiary's name; and
     e. beneficiary account number where such an account
        is used to process the transaction (e.9., the VA
         wal-l-et).

      The required information must be transmitted
immediately and in a secure manner. VASPs shall uphold
the confidentiality, integrity and availability of the
required information to facil-itate recordkeeping and use
of such information by receiving VASPs or other covered
entities, as well as to prevent unauthorized disclosure.
Entities should also submit the required information
simultaneously or concurrently with the transfer itself.
     For large value pay-outs of more than P500,000 or
its equivalent in foreign currency, in any single
transaction with customers or counterparties, enhanced
due diligence shall- be conducted and said pay-outs shalI
only be made via check payment or direct credit to
deposj-t accounts or account to account transfer using
electronic fund transfer facilities.
     Notifieation and Repott,ing Requirementg. A VASP
shal1 comply with the notification and reporting
requirements as prescribed under Section 901-N.
     Tn addition, a VASP shaIl maintain records and
 submit the following reports t,o the appropriate
 supervising department of the Bangko Sentral:
        Nature of Report     Frequency         Due Date
  l-. AFS (audited by an     Annually    Not later than ]-20
      external- auditor                  cal-endar days af ter
      included in the List               the cl-ose of the
                                         reference calendar or
                                                      Page 7 of 9
              of Selected External-                               fiscal year subject to
              Auditors for BSFIs)                                 the provisions under
                                                                  Section          901-N
                                                                  (Reports)

          2. Quarterly Report on                   Quarterly     Ten (10) business days
              Total- Volume and Val-ue                           from end of reference
              of VCs transacted*                                 guarter

          3. List of operating                     Quarterly     Ten (10) business days
             offices and websites*                               from end of reference
                                                                 cfuarcer
        *Du7y certified by the Proprietor/Managing Partner/ President
          or any of ficer of equival,ent rank
             A VASP sha11 ensure that transaction and due
       diligence records are maint,ained for a period of at least
       five (5) years and adhere to other guidelines issued by
       the Bangko Sentral on the maintenance of records.
            Sanctions. Appropriate monetary penalties,
       sanctions and other enforcement action/s specified under
       Section 901-N sha11 be imposed on the VASP, their
       directors and/or officers for the noted violations.
      Section 2. Appendices in the MORNBFI that made reference to "Virtual Currency
Exchanges" are revised as follows:

       Appendix                  Existins Phrase                      New Phrase
                                                            N-8 Deed of Undertaking on
                         N-8 Deed of Undertaking on
                                                            Compliance with the
                         Compliance with the
                                                            Requirements on Money
 N-Regulations - List    Requirements on Money
                                                            Service Business Operations
 of Appendices           Service Business Operations
                                                            and Virtual Curreney
                         and Virtual Currency
                                                            gxenang€s Virtual As set
                         Exchanges
                                                            Service Providers
 Appendix N-7
 (REGTSTRATION                                              (Appendix to Sec. 90l-N on
 PROCEDURES FOR          (Appendix to Sec. 901-N on         Money Service Business
 Rrc/Mc/FXD)             Money Service Business             Operations and Sec. 902-N on
 Appendix N-8 (DEED      Operations and Sec. 902-N on       @
 oF UNDERTAKTNG)         Virtual Currency Exchanges)        Virtual Asset
 Appendix N-9 (DEED                                         Service Providers)
 oF UNDERTAKTNG)

        Section 3. Transitory provisions. Bangko Sentral-registered Virtual Currency
Exchanges, as well as VASPs currently operating without Bangko Sentral approval, shall
apply for a Certificate of Authority not later than three (3) months from effectivity of this
Circular. Upon submission of the application, said entities may continue to operate their
business unless instructed otherwise.

                                                                                    Page 8 of 9
       All VASPs must also comply with the applicable requirements prescribed herein
within six (6) months from effectivity of this Circular. Failure to comply with these
requirements shall subject the entity to the appropriate enforcement action provided
under Section 001-N.

        Section 4. Effectivity Clause. This Circular shall take effect fifteen (15) calendar
days following its publication in the Official Gazette or any newspaper of general
circulation.

                                                     FOR THE MONETARY BOARD

                                                       BENJAMIN E. DIOKNO
                                                              Governor

L6 r^nr^ry 2o2L

                                                                                   Page 9 of 9
