Official Journal                                                                                                                EN
            of the European Union                                                                                                      L series

                                                                   2025/885                                                        20.8.2025

                                      COMMISSION DELEGATED REGULATION (EU) 2025/885
                                                                 of 29 April 2025
                supplementing Regulation (EU) 2023/1114 of the European Parliament and of the Council with
               regard to regulatory technical standards specifying the arrangements, systems and procedures to
               prevent, detect and report market abuse, the templates to be used for reporting suspected market
               abuse, and the coordination procedures between the competent authorities for the detection and
                             sanctioning of market abuse in cross-border market abuse situations

                                                             (Text with EEA relevance)

      THE EUROPEAN COMMISSION,

      Having regard to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union,

      Having regard to Regulation (EU) 2023/1114 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 31 May 2023 on markets in
      crypto-assets and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 and (EU) No 1095/2010 and Directives 2013/36/EU and
      (EU) 2019/1937 (1), and in particular Article 92(2), third subparagraph, thereof,

      Whereas:

      (1)    Requirements for the arrangements, procedures and systems that persons professionally arranging or executing
             transactions in crypto-assets are to have in place for the reporting of orders, transactions and other aspects of the
             functioning of distributed ledger technology (DLT), including the consensus mechanism, where there might exist
             circumstances indicating that market abuse has been committed, is being committed or is likely to be committed are
             necessary. Such requirements are critical and should assist in the prevention and detection of market abuse. Those
             requirements should also assist in ensuring that reports concerning reasonable suspicions on orders, transactions
             and other aspects of the functioning of distributed ledger technology (STOR) submitted to competent authorities are
             meaningful, comprehensive, and useful.

      (2)    To ensure that prevention and detection of market abuse is effective, appropriate systems should be in place to
             monitor orders, transactions and other aspects of functioning of the DLT, in accordance with the scale, size and
             nature of the business activity of the person professionally arranging or executing transactions. Such systems should
             provide for human analysis carried out by appropriately trained staff based on objective information at the disposal
             of the reporting entity. The entity should collect additional personal data, only to ensure appropriate human
             analysis. To allow for further analysis of potential insider dealing or market manipulation or attempted insider
             dealing or market manipulation, the systems for monitoring market abuse should be capable of producing alerts in
             line with specified parameters. The access to such alerts should be recorded to ensure that they are only used for
             detecting market abuse. The whole process is likely to require some level of automation.

      (3)    To analyse whether the arrangements, systems and procedures to prevent and detect market abuse are appropriate, it
             is necessary to assess the impact that the person that professionally arranges or executes transactions may have on the
             market. As part of that assessment, such persons should assess whether they have a significant or dominant position
             in any crypto-asset market asset segment in which case those arrangements, systems and procedures should be
             proportionate to their position.

      (4)    The prevention and detection of market abuse requires an ongoing monitoring of all orders and transactions arranged
             or executed by persons that professionally arrange or execute transactions, irrespective of whether those orders and
             transactions are executed on the distributed ledger (‘on-chain’) or outside the distributed ledger (‘off-chain’), including
             transfers of crypto assets to or from accounts of clients of the same crypto-asset service provider.

      (1) OJ L 150, 9.6.2023, p. 40, ELI: http://data.europa.eu/eli/reg/2023/1114/oj.

ELI: http://data.europa.eu/eli/reg_del/2025/885/oj                                                                                         1/13
EN                                                                                                                               OJ L, 20.8.2025

       (5)   To facilitate and promote a consistent approach and practices across the Union in relation to the prevention,
             detection and sanctioning of market abuse, it is necessary to lay down detailed provisions harmonising the content
             of, the template for and the timing of the reporting of suspicious orders and transactions and other aspects of the
             functioning of DLT.

       (6)   To share resources, to centrally develop and maintain monitoring systems, and to build expertise in the context of
             monitoring suspicious orders and transactions, persons that professionally arrange or execute transactions in crypto-
             assets should be able to delegate the prevention and detection of such orders, transactions and other aspects of the
             functioning of DLT within a group, or to delegate the data analysis and the generation of alerts, subject to
             appropriate conditions. Such delegation should neither prevent the competent authorities from assessing at any
             time, whether the arrangements, systems and procedures of the person to whom the functions are delegated are
             effectively in line with the obligation to prevent and detect market abuse. The obligation to report and the
             responsibility to comply with this Regulation and with Article 92 of Regulation (EU) 2023/1114 should remain with
             the delegating person.

       (7)   Crypto asset service providers operating a trading platform should have appropriate trading rules that contribute to
             the prevention of market abuse. Those entities should also have facilities to replay the order book in order to analyse
             the trading activity.

             A single and harmonised template for electronically submitting a suspicious transaction and order report (‘STOR’)
             should facilitate the efficient sharing of information on suspicious orders and transactions between competent
             authorities in cross-border investigations.

       (8)   The information fields in such a STOR template, where completed clearly, comprehensively, objectively and
             accurately, should assist the competent authorities to promptly assess such suspicious orders and transactions and
             take the necessary action. Such STOR template should therefore enable the persons submitting the STOR to provide
             the information that competent authorities consider relevant about suspicious orders, transactions or other aspects
             of the functioning of the distributed ledger technology reported and to explain the reasons for the suspicion. The
             STOR template should also enable the persons submitting the STOR to provide personal data that would make it
             possible to identify the persons involved in the suspicious activity and assist the competent authorities in their
             investigations. Such information should be provided at the outset, so that the integrity of the investigation is not
             compromised by the potential necessity for a competent authority to revert during an investigation to the person
             who submitted the STOR. Any processing of personal data under this Regulation should be carried out in
             compliance with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council (2) on the protection of
             natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data. The data
             minimisation principle in particular should be complied with where personal data are collected to ensure
             compliance with this Regulation.

       (9)   To facilitate the submission of a STOR, the template should allow for the attachment of documents and materials that
             are necessary to support the notification made, including in the form of an annex that lists the suspicious orders or
             transactions and detailing their prices and volumes. In addition, the STOR template should allow for the reporting of
             suspicious behaviours connected to the functioning of the DLT.

       (10) Persons professionally arranging or executing transactions in crypto-assets should not notify all orders received or
            transactions conducted that have triggered an internal alert. Such a requirement would be inconsistent with the
            requirement to assess on a case-by-case basis whether there are reasonable grounds for suspicion.

       (11) The analysis of orders, transactions or other aspects of the functioning of the DLT should factor in not only the
            internal information of the person professionally arranging or executing transactions in crypto-assets, but all the
            information publicly available, including information about transactions embedded in a public ledger system.

       (2) Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with
           regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data
           Protection Regulation) (OJ L 119, 4.5.2016, p. 1, ELI: http://data.europa.eu/eli/reg/2016/679/oj).

2/13                                                                                        ELI: http://data.europa.eu/eli/reg_del/2025/885/oj
OJ L, 20.8.2025                                                                                                                          EN

      (12) The STORs should be submitted to the competent authority without delay once a reasonable suspicion about the
           existence of market abuse has been formed. The analysis as to whether a given order or transaction is to be
           considered suspicious should be based on facts, not speculation or presumption and should be carried out as quickly
           as practicably possible. Delaying the submission of a report to incorporate further suspicious orders, transactions or
           other aspects of the functioning of the DLT or accumulating several STORs would be irreconcilable with the
           obligation to act without delay, where a reasonable suspicion has already been formed. In any case, persons
           professionally arranging or executing transactions in crypto-assets should assess on a case-by-case basis whether
           several orders, transactions or other aspects of the functioning of the DLT could be reported in a single STOR.

      (13) There might be circumstances where a reasonable suspicion of market abuse is formed after the suspected activity
           occurred, due to subsequent events or available information. That should not be a reason for not reporting the
           suspected activity to the competent authority. To demonstrate compliance with the reporting requirements in those
           specific circumstances, the person submitting the STOR should be able to justify the time discrepancy between the
           occurrence of the suspected activity and the formation of the reasonable suspicion of market abuse having been
           committed, being committed or likely to be committed.

      (14) To assist persons professionally arranging or executing transactions in crypto-assets in exercising their judgement
           when considering subsequent suspicious orders or transactions, they should be able to recall and review the analysis
           of STORs which have been submitted, and of those suspicious orders, transactions and behaviours connected to the
           functioning of the DLT which were analysed, but in relation to which the competent authority concerned concluded
           that the grounds for suspicion were not reasonable.

      (15) To prevent market abuse to the maximum extent possible, persons professionally arranging or executing transactions
           in crypto-assets should be able to refine their surveillance systems and to detect patterns of repeated behaviour, the
           aggregate of which could, considered as a whole, result in a reasonable suspicion of market abuse. Those persons
           should therefore be required to analyse suspicious orders, transactions, behaviours and other aspects connected to
           the functioning of the distributed ledger technology which did not lead to a STOR and record such analyses. Such
           records should also assist such persons in evidencing compliance with Article 92 of Regulation (EU) 2023/1114 and
           should facilitate the performance by competent authorities of their supervisory, investigatory and enforcement
           functions under Article 92 of Regulation (EU) 2023/1114.

      (16) Considering that markets in crypto-assets are inherently cross-border, it is necessary to specify coordination
           procedures between the competent authorities for the detection and sanctioning of market abuse in case of cross-
           border market abuse situations. Such coordination procedures should ensure that there are no conflicting
           investigations or enforcement activities. In that context, cross-border market abuse situations should include cases in
           which suspicious transactions are carried out in a Member State concerning a crypto-asset that is admitted to trading
           in another Member State and cases in which the crypto-asset service provider concerned is operating in more than
           one Member State.

      (17) It is necessary to lay down provisions for the transmission of STORs among competent authorities. Such
           requirements are critical, in the absence of a transaction reporting regime, to ensure efficient market supervision and
           enforcement while preventing the transmission of a massive flow of information that would not be useful for the
           receiving authority.

      (18) This Regulation is based on the draft regulatory technical standards submitted by the European Securities and
           Markets Authority to the Commission (‘ESMA’).

      (19) ESMA has conducted open public consultations on the draft regulatory technical standards on which this Regulation
           is based, analysed the potential related costs and benefits and requested the advice of the Securities and Markets
           Stakeholder Group established in accordance with Article 37 of Regulation (EU) No 1095/2010 of the European
           Parliament and the Council (3),

      (3) Regulation (EU) No 1095/2010 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 November 2010 establishing a European
          Supervisory Authority (European Securities and Markets Authority), amending Decision No 716/2009/EC and repealing Commission
          Decision 2009/77/EC (OJ L 331, 15.12.2010, p. 84, ELI: http://data.europa.eu/eli/reg/2010/1095/oj).

ELI: http://data.europa.eu/eli/reg_del/2025/885/oj                                                                                       3/13
EN                                                                                                                                OJ L, 20.8.2025

       (20) The European Data Protection Supervisor was consulted in accordance with Article 42(1) of Regulation
            (EU) 2018/1725 (4) and delivered their opinion on 22 January 2025,

       HAS ADOPTED THIS REGULATION:

                                                                     Article 1

                                                                   Definitions

       For the purposes of this Regulation, the following definitions shall apply:

       (1)   ‘suspicious transaction and order report’ (STOR) means the report on suspicious orders or transactions, including any
             cancellation or modification thereof, and other aspects of functioning of the DLT where circumstances might exist
             indicating that market abuse has been committed, is being committed or is likely to be committed.

       (2)   ‘electronic means’ are means of electronic equipment for the processing (including digital compression), storage and
             transmission of data, employing wires, radio, optical technologies, or any other electromagnetic means;

       (3)   ‘group’ means a group as defined in Article 2, point (11), of Directive 2013/34/EU of the European Parliament and of
             the Council (5);

       (4)   ‘order’ means each and every order, including each and every quote, irrespective of whether its purpose is initial
             submission, modification, update or cancellation of an order and irrespective of its type.

                                                                     Article 2

                                                             General requirements

       1.    Persons professionally arranging or executing transactions in crypto-assets shall establish and maintain
       arrangements, systems and procedures that ensure:

       (a)   effective and ongoing monitoring, for the purposes of preventing, detecting and identifying orders and transactions
             where circumstances might exist indicating that market abuse has been committed, is being committed or is likely to
             be committed, of all orders received and transmitted, and all transactions in crypto-assets executed;

       (b)   effective and ongoing monitoring of aspects of the functioning of the DLT, for the purposes of detecting and
             identifying other aspects of the functioning of the distributed ledger technology, including the consensus
             mechanism, where circumstances might exist indicating that market abuse has been committed, is being committed
             or is likely to be committed;

       (c)   the transmission of STORs to competent authorities in accordance with the requirements set out in this Regulation
             and using the template set out in the Annex.

       (4) Regulation (EU) 2018/1725 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 23 October 2018 on the protection of natural persons
           with regard to the processing of personal data by the Union institutions, bodies, offices and agencies and on the free movement of
           such data, and repealing Regulation (EC) No 45/2001 and Decision No 1247/2002/EC (OJ L 295, 21.11.2018, p. 39, ELI: http://data.
           europa.eu/eli/reg/2018/1725/oj).
       (5) Directive 2013/34/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on the annual financial statements,
           consolidated financial statements and related reports of certain types of undertakings, amending Directive 2006/43/EC of the
           European Parliament and of the Council and repealing Council Directives 78/660/EEC and 83/349/EEC (OJ L 182, 29.6.2013, p. 19,
           ELI: http://data.europa.eu/eli/dir/2013/34/oj).

4/13                                                                                         ELI: http://data.europa.eu/eli/reg_del/2025/885/oj
OJ L, 20.8.2025                                                                                                                       EN

      2.   The obligations referred to in paragraph 1 shall apply to orders, transactions and other aspects of the functioning of
      the DLT which might constitute market abuse and shall apply irrespective of:

      (a)   the capacity in which the order is placed or the transaction is executed;

      (b)   the types of clients concerned;

      (c)   whether the orders were placed or transactions executed on or outside a trading platform.

      3.    Persons professionally arranging or executing transactions in crypto-assets shall ensure that the arrangements,
      systems and procedures referred to in paragraph 1 are:

      (a)   appropriate and proportionate in relation to the scale, size and nature of their business activity;

      (b)   regularly assessed, at least through an annually conducted audit and internal review, and updated when necessary;

      (c)   clearly documented in writing, including any changes or updates to them, for the purposes of compliance with this
            Regulation, and that the documented information is maintained for a period of 5 years.

      4.    Persons professionally arranging or executing transactions in crypto-assets shall, upon request, provide the
      competent authority with the information on the assessment referred to in paragraph 3, including information on the level
      of automation put in place.

                                                                 Article 3

                                                Prevention, monitoring and detection

      1.    The arrangements, systems and procedures referred to in Article 92(1) of Regulation (EU) 2023/1114 shall:

      (a)   cover the full range of trading activities undertaken by the persons professionally arranging or executing transactions
            in crypto-assets;

      (b)   produce alerts indicating activities requiring further analysis to detect potential market abuse;

      (c)   enable crypto-asset service providers operating a trading platform to:

            (i)    analyse, individually and comparatively, each transaction executed, and each order placed, modified, cancelled,
                   or rejected in the systems of the trading platform;

            (ii)   prevent the occurrence of repeated behaviours observed on the same trading platform;

      (d)   enable persons professionally arranging or executing transactions in crypto-assets to analyse, individually and
            comparatively each transaction executed and each order placed, modified, cancelled or rejected inside and outside a
            trading platform, irrespective of whether or not the orders and transactions are placed and executed by means of the
            distributed ledger, and aspects of the functioning of DLT that could constitute market abuse.

      2.    Persons professionally arranging or executing transactions in crypto-assets shall put in place and maintain
      arrangements and procedures that ensure an appropriate level of human analysis in the prevention, monitoring, detection
      and identification of transactions, orders and aspects of the functioning of the distributed ledger technology that indicate
      the likelihood or existence of market abuse behaviours. Persons professionally arranging or executing transaction in
      crypto-assets shall collect additional personal data, only for the sole purpose of ensuring appropriate level of human
      analysis.

ELI: http://data.europa.eu/eli/reg_del/2025/885/oj                                                                                    5/13
EN                                                                                                                            OJ L, 20.8.2025

       3.    For the purposes of Article 92(1) of Regulation (EU) 2023/1114, persons professionally arranging or executing
       transactions in crypto-assets shall, to a degree which is appropriate for, and proportionate in relation to, the scale, size, and
       nature of their business activity, employ ICT systems.

       The ICT systems referred to in the first subparagraph shall include ICT systems capable of deferred automated reading,
       replaying and analysis of order book data. Such systems shall have sufficient capacity to operate in an algorithmic trading
       environment.

       For the purposes of the second subparagraph, algorithmic trading means trading in crypto-assets where a computer
       algorithm automatically determines individual parameters of orders, including as to whether to initiate the order, the
       timing, price or quantity of the order, or how to manage the order after its submission, with limited or no human
       intervention, and does not include any system that is only used for the purpose of routing orders to one or more trading
       platform or for the processing of orders involving no determination of any trading parameters or for the confirmation of
       orders or the post-trade processing of executed transactions.

       4.     Persons professionally arranging or executing transactions in crypto-assets may by written agreement outsource to a
       third party or delegate to a legal person forming part of the same group, as defined in Article 2, point (11), of
       Directive 2013/34/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council (6) (‘providers’), the functions relating to the
       prevention, monitoring, detection and identification of orders, transactions or other aspects of the functioning DLT that
       could constitute market abuse, including analysis of data, including order and transaction data, and the generation of
       alerts. Persons delegating or outsourcing those functions shall remain fully responsible for complying with all of their
       obligations under this Regulation and Article 92 of Regulation (EU) 2023/1114. Where those functions are outsourced to
       a third party, persons outsourcing those functions shall comply with the following requirements at all times:

       (a)   retain the expertise and resources necessary to:

             (i)     evaluate the quality of the services provided and the organisational adequacy of the providers;

             (ii)    supervise the outsourced services;

             (iii)   manage of the risks associated with the outsourcing of those functions on an ongoing basis;

       (b)   they shall have direct access to all the relevant information about the data analysis and the generation of alerts.

       The written agreement referred to in the first subparagraph shall describe the rights and obligations of the person
       delegating or outsourcing the functions and those of the provider. It shall also set out the grounds on the basis of which
       the person delegating or outsourcing the functions can terminate that agreement.

       5.    As part of the arrangements, systems and procedures referred to in the first and second subparagraphs, persons
       professionally arranging or executing transactions in crypto-assets shall maintain the information documenting the
       analysis carried out with regard to orders, transactions and aspects of the functioning of DLT that could constitute market
       abuse for a period of 5 years. That information shall include the analysis made and the reasons for submitting or not
       submitting a STOR. Persons professionally arranging or executing transactions in crypto-assets shall provide that
       information to the competent authority upon request.

       (6) Directive 2013/34/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on the annual financial statements,
           consolidated financial statements and related reports of certain types of undertakings, amending Directive 2006/43/EC of the
           European Parliament and of the Council and repealing Council Directives 78/660/EEC and 83/349/EEC (OJ L 182, 29.6.2013, p. 19,
           ELI: http://data.europa.eu/eli/dir/2013/34/oj).

6/13                                                                                       ELI: http://data.europa.eu/eli/reg_del/2025/885/oj
OJ L, 20.8.2025                                                                                                                        EN

                                                                   Article 4

                                                                  Training

      Persons professionally arranging or executing transactions in crypto-assets shall organise and provide effective and
      comprehensive training to the staff involved in the prevention, monitoring, detection and identification of orders,
      transactions and other aspects of the functioning of the DLT that could indicate the existence of market abuse, including
      the staff involved in the processing of orders and transactions or in charge of the functioning of the DLT. Such training
      shall take place on a regular basis and shall be appropriate and proportionate to the scale, size and nature of the business.

                                                                   Article 5

                                            Reporting of suspicious orders or transactions

      1.    Persons professionally arranging or executing transactions in crypto-assets shall establish and maintain effective
      arrangements, systems and procedures that enable them to assess, for the purpose of submitting a STOR, whether with
      reference to an order, a transaction or other aspects of the DLT there might be circumstances indicating that market abuse
      has been committed, is being committed or is likely to be committed. Those arrangements, systems and procedures shall
      include an appropriate level of human analysis.

      2.    Persons professionally arranging or executing transactions in crypto-assets shall report a STOR:

      (a)   by using the STOR template set out in the Annex and completing the information fields relevant to the reported
            orders, transactions or other aspects of functioning of the DLT in a clear and accurate manner, including any
            supporting documents or attachments;

      (b)   using the electronic means specified by that competent authority.

      For the purposes of point (b) of the first subparagraph, the competent authority shall specify on its website the electronic
      means to be used, and shall ensure that those electronic means ensure that the completeness, integrity, and confidentiality
      of the information are maintained during the transmission.

      The STOR referred to in the first subparagraph shall be based on facts and analysis, considering all the information available
      to the persons professionally arranging or executing transactions in crypto-assets.

      3.    Persons professionally arranging or executing transactions in crypto-assets shall ensure and maintain the
      confidentiality of the information laid down in the report on suspicious orders or transactions and ensure that the person
      in respect of which the STOR was submitted and anyone who is not required to know about the submission of a STOR by
      virtue of their function or position within the reporting person is not informed of:

      (a)   the generation of the alerts referred to in Article 3(1), point (b);

      (b)   the assessment that may lead to the submission of a STOR;

      (c)   the fact that the reporting person will complete the STOR without sending requests of information to the person in
            respect of which the STOR may be submitted to complete certain fields;

      (d)   the submission of a STOR to the competent authority, or the intention to submit one.

ELI: http://data.europa.eu/eli/reg_del/2025/885/oj                                                                                     7/13
EN                                                                                                                             OJ L, 20.8.2025

                                                                    Article 6

                                                              Timing of STORs

       1.     Persons professionally arranging or executing transactions in crypto-assets shall ensure that they have in place
       effective arrangements, systems and procedures for the submission of a STOR without delay, once reasonable suspicion of
       market abuse is formed.

       2.     The arrangements, systems and procedures referred to in paragraph 1 shall entail the possibility to report STORs in
       relation to transactions, orders or other aspects of the functioning of the DLT which occurred in the past, where suspicion
       has arisen in the light of subsequent events or information. In such cases, persons professionally arranging or executing
       transactions in crypto-assets shall explain in the STOR the delay between the suspected breach and the submission of the
       STOR according to the specific circumstances of the case.

       3.    Persons professionally arranging or executing transactions in crypto-assets shall submit to the competent authority
       any relevant additional information which they become aware of after the STOR has been submitted, and shall provide any
       information or document requested by the competent authority.

                                                                    Article 7

                                          Exchange of reports between competent authorities

       1.   Competent authorities shall transmit STORs by using the form of unsolicited provision of information set out in
       Annex IV to Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2024/2545 (7).

       2.    The transmitting competent authority shall attach the STOR to the form referred to in paragraph 1, without being
       required to translate it into the language of the receiving competent authority. The transmitting competent authority shall
       include any additional documents provided in the STOR, specifying the legal basis for the provision of the information.

                                                                    Article 8

               Coordination procedures for the detection and sanctioning of cross-border market abuse situations

       1.    A competent authority that suspects that cross-border market abuse has taken place, may have taken place, or may be
       taking place, shall report the status of its preliminary assessment to the other competent authorities concerned without
       undue delay, including, where applicable, to the competent authorities of the trading platforms where the crypto-asset is
       admitted to trading.

       When informed about cross-border market abuse situations, the receiving competent authorities shall, without undue
       delay, share information about the planning or existence of any supervisory activity or measure or, where applicable and
       where such information is available to the receiving competent authority, about an existing criminal investigation on the
       same case.

       2.    Competent authorities concerned shall:

       (a)   periodically update each other about cross-border market abuse situations;

       (b)   inform each other about significant interim developments related to cross-border market abuse situations;

       (c)   coordinate their supervisory and enforcement actions.

       (7) Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2024/2545 of 24 September 2024 laying down implementing technical standards for the
           application of Regulation (EU) 2023/1114 of the European Parliament and of the Council with regard to standard forms, templates
           and procedures for the cooperation and exchange of information between competent authorities (OJ L, 2024/2545, 26.11.2024, ELI:
           http://data.europa.eu/eli/reg_impl/2024/2545/oj).

8/13                                                                                       ELI: http://data.europa.eu/eli/reg_del/2025/885/oj
OJ L, 20.8.2025                                                                                                                      EN

      3.    A competent authority that has formally initiated an investigation, enforcement activity or, where applicable, that is
      aware of a criminal investigation, shall inform the other competent authorities concerned thereof, including, where
      applicable, the competent authorities of the trading platforms where the crypto-asset is admitted to trading. The reporting
      competent authority may inform ESMA.

      4.   Competent authorities having initiated or involved in an investigation or enforcement activity in the context of cross-
      border situations may request the coordination of ESMA.

      5.    For the purposes of this Article, ‘cross-border market abuse situations’ shall mean any of the following situations:
      (a)   a situation in which more than one competent authority is competent to detect, investigate or sanction a potential
            market abuse case;
      (b)   a situation in which cooperation between two or more competent authorities is necessary to detect, investigate or
            sanction a potential market abuse case.

                                                                 Article 9

                                                            Entry into force

      This Regulation shall enter into force on the twentieth day following that of its publication in the Official Journal of the
      European Union.

                    This Regulation shall be binding in its entirety and directly applicable in all Member States.

                    Done at Brussels, 29 April 2025.

                                                                                        For the Commission
                                                                                           The President
                                                                                     Ursula VON DER LEYEN

ELI: http://data.europa.eu/eli/reg_del/2025/885/oj                                                                                   9/13

                                                                                                                                                          ANNEX
10/13

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              EN
                                                                                                                                                     STOR template

                                                     Please note that all fields in Sections 1-4 are mandatory. Where information cannot be provided for a specific field, please indicate ‘NA’ and briefly explain the reasons thereof.

                                                     SECTION 1 – IDENTITY OF ENTITY/PERSON SUBMITTING THE STOR
                                                     Persons professionally arranging or executing transactions in crypto assets – Specify in each case:

                                                     Name of the natural person                           [First name(s) and surname(s) of the natural person in charge of the submission of the STOR within the submitting entity.]

                                                     Position within the reporting entity                 [Position of the natural person in charge of the submission of the STOR within the submitting entity.]

                                                     Name of the reporting entity                         [Full name of the reporting entity, including for legal persons:
                                                                                                          — the legal form as provided for in the register of the country pursuant to the law of which it is incorporated, where applicable, and
                                                                                                          — the Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code in accordance with ISO 17442 LEI code.]

                                                     Address of the reporting entity                      [Full address (e.g. street, street number, postal code, city, state/province) and country.]

                                                     Acting capacity of entity with respect to the        [Description of the capacity in which the reporting entity was acting with regards to the order(s), transaction(s) or behaviour(s) related to the
                                                     orders, transactions or behaviours related to        functioning of the distributed ledger technology that could indicate the existence of market abuse, e.g. executing orders on behalf of clients,
                                                     the functioning of the DLT that could                operating a trading platform ...]
                                                     constitute market abuse
ELI: http://data.europa.eu/eli/reg_del/2025/885/oj

                                                     Type of trading activity (market making,             [Description of any corporate, contractual or organisational arrangements or circumstances or relationships.]
                                                     arbitrage etc.) and type of crypto-asset
                                                     traded by the reporting entity

                                                     Contact for additional request for                   [Person to be contacted within the reporting entity for additional request for information relating to this report (e.g. compliance officer) and
                                                     information                                          relevant contact details, if not the same as person in charge of the submitting of the STOR:
                                                                                                          —    first name(s) and surname(s),
                                                                                                          —    position of the contact person within the reporting entity,
                                                                                                          —    professional email address,
                                                                                                          —    professional phone number.]

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              OJ L, 20.8.2025
                                                     Have the facts already been reported to              Please state whether the facts have already been reported to public authority (and in that case indicate the name of the authority).
                                                     public authorities?
ELI: http://data.europa.eu/eli/reg_del/2025/885/oj

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               OJ L, 20.8.2025
                                                     SECTION 2 – TRANSACTION/ORDER/BEHAVIOUR AND OTHER ASPECTS RELATED TO THE FUNCTIONING OF THE DISTRIBUTED LEDGER TECHNOLOGY

                                                     Description of the crypto-asset:           Describe the crypto-asset(s) which is the subject of the STOR, specifying:
                                                                                                — the full name (including Digital Token Identifier (DTI) in accordance with ISO 24165-2 or an equivalent unique identifier as referred to
                                                                                                  in Article 15 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2025/1140 (1) specifying records to be kept of all crypto-asset services,
                                                                                                  activities, orders and transactions undertaken) or description of the crypto-asset in the absence of DTI. Where the suspicious behaviour
                                                                                                  involves a trading pair, please list both crypto-assets in the pair,
                                                                                                — the type of crypto-asset (asset-referenced token (ART), e-money token (EMT), other crypto-asset) and for ARTs and EMTs, the value, right
                                                                                                  or official currency (or combination thereof) which the crypto-asset references in order to maintain a stable value.

                                                     Name(s) of the distributed ledger(s):      [Provide the full name(s) of the distributed ledger(s) where the suspicious behaviour was observed]

                                                     Trading platform where order was placed    [Specify name and Market Identifier Code (MIC) in accordance with ISO 10383 to identify the trading platform where the order was placed
                                                     or the transaction was executed            or the transaction was executed.
                                                                                                Where the order/transaction was not identified in a trading platform, please mention ‘outside a trading platform’ and the LEI of the crypto-
                                                                                                asset service provider that carried out the transaction where applicable.]

                                                     Location (country)                         [Full name of the country and the ISO 3166-1 two-character country code.]
                                                                                                [Specify where:
                                                                                                — the order is given
                                                                                                — the transaction is executed,
                                                                                                — the behaviour related to functioning of the distributed ledger technology takes place.]

                                                     Description of the order, transaction or   [Describe at least the following characteristics of the order(s) transaction(s) or behaviour(s) reported:
                                                     suspicious behaviour related to the
                                                                                                — date(s) and time(s) of the order(s), transaction(s) or behaviour(s). (Dates and times should be reported in UTC per the format in ISO
                                                     functioning of the DLT
                                                                                                  8601).
                                                                                                — transaction reference number or order reference number or transaction hash.
                                                                                                — settlement date and time,
                                                                                                — purchase price/sale price,
                                                                                                — volume/quantity of crypto-assets,
                                                                                                — for orders only, the type of order (e.g. ‘buy with limit EUR x’)],
                                                                                                [Where there are multiple orders or transactions that could constitute market abuse the details on the prices and volumes of such orders and
                                                                                                transactions can be provided to the competent authority in an Annex to the STOR.]
11/13

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               EN
12/13

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     EN
                                                                                                   — Information on the order cancellation or alteration including:
                                                                                                       — the nature of the alteration (e.g. change in price or quantity) and the extent of the alteration,
                                                                                                         [Where there are multiple orders or transactions that could constitute insider dealing, market manipulation or attempted insider
                                                                                                         dealing or market manipulation, the details on the prices and volumes of such orders and transactions can be provided to the
                                                                                                         competent authority in an Annex to the STOR.]
                                                                                                       — the means to alter the order (e.g. via email, phone, etc.).
                                                                                                   In case of reporting a suspicious behaviour related to the functioning of the distributed ledger, please provide as much detail as possible,
                                                                                                   including the impact it had on the validation of transactions and the method used to alter the functioning of the DLT.

                                                     SECTION 3 – DESCRIPTION OF THE NATURE OF THE SUSPICION

                                                     Nature of the suspicion                       [Specify the type of breach based on which the reported order(s), transaction(s), behaviour(s) related to the functioning of the DLT, could
                                                                                                   constitute market abuse].

                                                     Reasons for the suspicion                     [Description of the activity (transactions and orders, way of placing the orders or executing the transaction and characteristics of the orders
                                                                                                   and transactions that make them suspicious, behaviours related to the functioning of the DLT) and how the matter came to the attention of
                                                                                                   the reporting person and specify the reasons for suspicion.
                                                                                                   For crypto-assets admitted to trading on/traded on a trading platform, a description of the nature of the order book interaction/transactions
                                                                                                   that could constitute market abuse.]

                                                     SECTION 4 – IDENTIFICATION OF PERSON(S) RESPONSIBLE FOR THE ORDERS, TRANSACTIONS OR BEHAVIOUR RELATED TO THE FUNCTIONING OF THE DISTRIBUTED LEDGER TECHNOLOGY
                                                     THAT COULD CONSTITUTE MARKET ABUSE (‘SUSPECTED PERSON’)

                                                     Name                                          [For natural persons: the first name(s) and the last name(s).]
                                                                                                   [For legal persons: full name including legal form as provided for in the register of the country pursuant to the laws of which it is
                                                                                                   incorporated, where applicable, and Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code in accordance with ISO 17442.]

                                                     National Identification Number                [Number and/or text].
ELI: http://data.europa.eu/eli/reg_del/2025/885/oj

                                                                                                   [Where the National Identification Number is not applicable or known, provide a date of birth (for natural persons only) in the ISO 8601
                                                                                                   format]

                                                     Address                                       [Full address (e.g. street, street number, postal code, city, state/province) and country.]

                                                     Information about the employment: – Place     [Information about the employment of the suspected person, from information sources available internally to the reporting entity (e.g.
                                                     – Position                                    account documentation in case of clients, staff information system in case of an employee of the reporting entity).]

                                                     Account number(s) and wallet address(es)      [Numbers of the cash account(s), any joint accounts or any Powers of Attorney on the account the suspected entity/person holds.
                                                                                                   Wallet address(es) involved in the transaction or suspected behaviour]

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     OJ L, 20.8.2025
                                                     Client identifier                             [In case the suspected person is a client of the reporting entity.]

                                                     Relationship with the issuer of the crypto-   [Description of any corporate, contractual or organisational arrangements or circumstances or relationships]
                                                     asset concerned
ELI: http://data.europa.eu/eli/reg_del/2025/885/oj

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     OJ L, 20.8.2025
                                                     SECTION 5 – ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
                                                     Other information relevant to the report, depending on the activity
                                                     [The following list is indicative and not exhaustive. Other information deemed useful by the reporting person may be provided where relevant to the STOR.]
                                                     — the position of the suspected person (e.g. retail client, institutions),
                                                     — the nature of the suspected entity’s/person’s intervention (on own account, on behalf of a client, validator of transactions in a distributed ledger system, other).
                                                     — Where the suspected behaviour is conducted on a DLT, other relevant information may include:
                                                       — whether the transaction passed through a public or private (encrypted) queue of transactions (i.e. mempool) before it was validated on the DLT;
                                                       — whether the DLT is public (permissionless) or private (permissioned);
                                                       — potential interactions with smart contracts, including specification of the contract address and the function called;
                                                     — the size of the suspected entity’s/person’s portfolio,
                                                     — the date on which the business relationship with the client started if the suspected entity/person is a client of the reporting person/entity,
                                                     — the type of activity of the trading desk, where available, of the suspected entity,
                                                     — trading patterns of the suspected entity/person. For guidance, the following are examples of information that may be useful:
                                                       — trading habits of the suspected entity/person,
                                                       — comparability of the size of the reported order/transaction with the average size of the orders submitted/transactions carried out by the suspected entity/person for the past 12
                                                            months,
                                                       — habits of the suspected entity/person in terms of crypto-assets it has traded for the past 12 months, in particular whether the reported order/transaction relates to a crypto-asset
                                                            which has been traded by the suspected entity/person for the past year.
                                                     — Other entities/persons known to be involved in the orders or transactions of which could constitute market abuse:
                                                       — names,
                                                     — activity (e.g. executing orders on behalf of clients, dealing on own account, operating a trading platform, validating transactions.)
                                                     SECTION 6 – DOCUMENTATION ATTACHED

                                                     [List the supporting attachments and material together provided with this STOR].
                                                     [Examples of such documentation are e-mails, recordings of conversations, order/transaction records, distributed ledger technology records, confirmations, broker reports, Powers of
                                                     Attorney documents, and comment by media where relevant.
                                                     Where the detailed information about the orders/transactions/behaviours related to the functioning of the distributed ledger technology referred to in Section 2 is provided in a separate
                                                     annex, indicate the title of that annex.]
                                                     (1)   Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2025/1140 of 27 February 2025 supplementing Regulation (EU) 2023/1114 of the European Parliament and of the Council with regard to regulatory technical
                                                           standards specifying records to be kept of all crypto-asset services, activities, orders and transactions undertaken (OJ L, 2025/1140, 10.6.2025, ELI: http://data.europa.eu/eli/reg_del/2025/1140/oj).
13/13

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     EN
